Q:: hey. where's joey?
A::joey ate my last stick of gum, so i killed him. do you think that was wrong?
Q::leetch spots messier in the crease- there's the pass!
A::we'll take a brief time out while messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Q::this is nice. we never do anything just the two of us.
A::it's great. maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Q::yeah!
A::oh god, i can't believe i'm even considering this... i'm very very aware of my tongue...
Q:: i can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
A::thank god you didn't try to fan out the magazines. i mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Q::no, that's not exactly what i was..
A::well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
Q::hey gorgeous, how's it going?
A::dehydrated japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Q::well, i think brian's a little out of your league.
A::excuse me? you don't think i could get a brian? because i could get a brian. believe you me.
Q::yes, i am. as of today, i am officially joey tribbiani, actor slash model.
A::that's so funny, 'cause i was thinking you look more like joey tribbiani, man slash woman.
Q::i can't, i gotta go.
A::come on. an 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. how often does that happen?
Q::perfect. perfect. so now everybody's getting kissed but me.
A::alright, somebody kiss me. somebody kiss me, it's midnight! somebody kiss me!
Q::c'mon, she's your mom!
A::exactly. weekend at bernie's! dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! no?
Q::you knew about that?
A::well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
Q::why not?
A::well, it's a pretty big commitment, i mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Q::all right, how about the ladybugs?
A::oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
Q::i will go for that drink.
A::you got it. good woman! could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Q::... the wenus?
A::weekly estimated net usage systems. a processing term.
Q::oh look! that guy's peeing!
A:: ok, that's enough of the view. check this out, look at this. sit down, sit down.
Q::ive never done that.
A::all right, now look at her and tell me she doesnt look exactly like her sister.
Q::well, were gonna be layin off people in every department.
A::hey, listen, i know i came in late last week, but i slept funny, and my hair was very very
Q::yep. ice capades.
A::wow, this is serious. ive never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Q::no, it's not just that. it's justi want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh...
A::...little playthings with yarn?
Q::settle what?
A::the... jamestown colony of virginia. you see, king george is giving us the land, so...
Q::i agree. i'm, like, in disbelief.
A::i mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with rachel, they would've happened already?
Q::well, i think it's perfect. y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
A::i can't remember the last time i got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Q::so have you called her yet?
A::let her know i like her? what are you, insane? it's the next day! how needy do i want to seem?
Q::joseph stalin. i think you'd remember that!
A::oh yes! bye bye birdie, starring joseph stalin. joseph stalin is the fiddler on the roof.
Q::at the vet.
A::she's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Q::well, we're applying to a lot of them. naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, san diego... right? but that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at miami, so that's a possibility.
A::yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. i mean, it's a total party zoo.
Q::look at you, you won't even look at him.
A:: oh, come on tell me. i could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Q::no. you know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
A::and this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Q::oh, it was amazing. you know how you always think you're great in bed?
A::the fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Q:: airport, airport. ross, not alone, julie, arm around her. cramp, cramp.
A::ok, i think she's trying to tell us something. quick, get the verbs.
Q:: ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
A::well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, i've got pants that need to be altered.
Q::carol?
A::carol? i was just wondering if joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
Q::have you ever seen so much crap?
A::actually, i think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Q::you want his yearbook?
A::yeah, yeah. some people said some nice things about him. i think somebody should have it.
Q::i'm tellin' you. you can't do this.
A::oh, come on. i can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
Q::geez! are you ready?
A::yeah. just let me grab my jacket and tell you i had sex today.
Q::still doing the screening thing?
A::i had sex today. i never have to answer that phone again.
Q::well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
A::yeah, i mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Q:: yeah, hi, it's monica. i just got a page.
A::i'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
Q::chandler, i'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. ya wanna work out? i can remake you.
A::oh, you know, i would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
Q::ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? what?
A::nothing, except tell you, uh, i think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
Q::hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
A::yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Q::oh, well, we have to celebrate. you know what we should do? we should do, like, a soap opera theme.
A::hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Q::well, i guess i could sleep with her... i mean, how could i do that?
A::well, i... i've got a pop-up book that told me everything i need to know.
Q::did joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
A::no, i don't even think he knew. hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Q::[holding bottles] does anybody want these?
A::i'll take one. sometimes i like to hold stuff like this and pretend i'm a giant.
Q::that's him.
A::damn. my mail order grandfather hasn't come yet.
Q::it just seems so futile, you know ? all these women, and nothing. i feel like superman without my powers, you know? i have the cape, and yet i cannot fly.
A::well now you understand how i feel every single day, ok? the world is my lesbian wedding.
Q::and she's not crazy?
A::oh no no no, she's a total wack job. yeah, she thinks that joey is actually dr. drake remore.
Q::remember the class play? you, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
A::yes, back then i, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. thank god i don't do that anymore.
Q::how come all i can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
A::because i went to an all boys high school and god is making up for it.
Q::alright. now i would like to see you wearing nothing but them. take your clothes off.
A::ok, but uh, i hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Q::i know.
A::now we can finally watch green acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Q::hi. listen, i was um, thinkin' about. . .
A::listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.
Q::can we drop this? i am not interested in the guy's apartment.
A::oh please, i saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. you want it.
Q::no, we're alright.
A::so i got ya something. [tosses joey a bag of plastic spoons]
Q::alright, you're on. i can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.
A::your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
Q::oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. you are not gonna believe this. i have just been discovered.
A::now wait a minute, i claimed you in the name of france four years ago.
Q::wow.
A::well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and i had a spare room.
Q::no i just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.
A::well i do, but uh, eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Q::i know, yeah. ok, talk to him. [leaves]
A::so, you uh, you think that speed racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
Q::i gather by that oh that he told you about me.
A::oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Q::hey man, check it out, i got some great stuff to dehydrate here. i got some grapes, got some apricots, i thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
A::get out. get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Q::oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. you never even saw the money, it was like this. [with money in his palm] hey chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats [shakes his had and passes the dollar].
A::you're welcome. hey joey, thanks for parking the car [passes the dollar back].
Q::yeah, you really sidestepped that land mine.
A::hey listen, we've gotta go, i promised richard we'd meet him downstairs.
Q::there's a game?
A::uh, yeah, i just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. bring your nerves of steel.
Q::because it's a special hat. [chandler looks at ross funny] see he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. now chandler...
A::stop talking, stop talking now. let me just get this straight. you're actually stealing my hat?
Q::hey, woah, let's go down there and get your hat back.
A::na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
Q::cause she uh, she steals stuff.
A::or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and joey just slept with her and never called her back.
Q::what?
A::it's a traditional mexican custard dessert...look talk to monica, she's on the food committee.
Q::yeah, we set up a court in your room. uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?
A::joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, i'm not even listening to you.
Q::this is it, isn't it? i mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. my mom there, my dad there. thanksgiving, christmas.
A::well, i relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Q::hey and everbody is so nice. i just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, jeannie.
A::jeannie, the head of east coast operations jeannie?
Q::i figure my character has kids.
A::ya know there isn't a part of that sentence i don't need explained.
Q::yeah. joseph and his wife, karen, are thinking of having a third kid... ya know what? just did.
A::really? wow. that's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.
Q::uh, listen bing, i received your memo. so, we're not gonna receive the systems report until next friday?
A::well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.
Q::oh, hey. come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
A::well, i'm crazy about her now. i think this could be the real thing. capital 'r'! capital 't'!
Q::okay, thanks. yeah, i'll try that.
A::maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.
Q::it's a rented tux. okay. i'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
A::well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
Q::aww. ohh!
A::hey, joe, i gotta ask. the girl from the xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam.
Q::what, he's not still following her. do you think he is still following her?
A::pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order.
Q::now, you do realize that shes a cartoon, and way out of your league?
A::i know, i know, i just always wondered if i could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Q::yeah, i was thinking that maybe we could go down to time square and pick up some ninja stars. and, oh, um, my friend larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
A::you know, we dont really take advantage of living in the city.
Q::oh, im sorry. did i get ya?
A::no, you didnt get me!! its an electric drill, you get me, you kill me! !
Q::so?
A::so, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody whos gonna be in the country like all the time.
Q::because its faster.
A::yeah, i coulda counted to three like four times without all this two talk.
Q::thank you soo, much.
A::oh, dont thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. okay, i gotta get to get to work.
Q::yay! !
A::see, thats why i could never be an actor. because i cant say gig.
Q:: quick, take off your dress, he wont notice the bed.
A::hey, im going for sushi does anybody want..  whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
Q::because, every time i go to the dentist, somebody dies.
A::that is so weird, because every time i go to the dentist, i look down the hygienists blouse.
Q::id really prefer a mountain bike.
A::janices birthday is coming up, i want to get her something speacial. come in here with me.
Q::oh, you want something serious. y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. those are dead serious.
A::all right. look, im gonna go in here, and you dont buy me anything ever.
Q::the receipt.
A::ill take it! all right look, i gotta know. are you finished with me? are you finished with him?
Q:: love....
A::ill be a fool for you. im sure, you know i dont mind.
Q::the geller cup.
A::is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
Q::right. okay, lets play. lets go.
A::no ah, hold on a second joe, where do dutch people come from?
Q::wait a minute! wait a minute! she obviously didnt understand the question.
A::well, you dont you have captain hook explain it to her.
Q::the fear?
A::hes right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Q::you saved them! you guys! oh god, youre the best!
A::its like night of the living dead christmas trees.
Q::hey chandler, theres a party tomorrow, youll feel better then.
A::oh, y'know what, im gonna be okay, you dont have to throw a party for me.
Q::sush!! i cannot believe she is still up there.
A::okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. y'know, its supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
Q::what the hells a matter with you? how do you think joeys going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
A::well, thats the part where you tell him that i moved to france. when actually ill be in cuba.
Q::more of grandmas teramisu.
A::would you just please....give me the receipt cause this is great. its top notch.
Q::why?
A::i need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin albert, y'know he's the botanist.
Q::please, right now, no, every time i see him its like is it on the lose? is it watching me?
A::we cant tell him, you cant go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Q::dont you have to use the bathroom?
A::nope, nope, id just ah, id rather talk to you. yes, i do. yes, i do have to go to the bathroom.
Q::you have three nipples?
A::well, y'know two regulars. and ah one that barely qualifies as...  ahh, what?
Q::its a globe and, a pencil sharpener.
A:: hey, does anybody need anything copied? im going down to the xerox place.
Q::oh, no thanks.
A::okay listen, just give me anything i can make two of.
Q::yeah, i guess, but whats like heads and whats tails?
A::well it you dont know that, then i dont want to do this with you.
Q::well ross was hangin out over at our place, rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from chandler....
A::yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? rachel came over to borrow something.
Q::hm-mm.
A::yeah, hes really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Q::hey, does anybody else feel bad about ross?
A:: well hes probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
Q::why? do you think hes still mad at us?
A:: well hes probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
Q::no chandler no! no unscheduled stops. you can go when we stop for gas.
A::oh, come on, theres a rest stop right up there! come on, i really have to goooooooooo.
Q::relax okay, i-i-i can get this open. anybody have a coat hanger?
A::oh i do! op, no, wait a minute, i took it out of my shirt when i put it on this morning.
Q:: chandler, what are you doing? there is a trash can right there.
A::well, i thought if i littered, that crying indian might come by and save us.
Q::oh, no-no, no-no-no, theres none of that in here.
A::oh come on man! at least let me finish this last one.
Q::what-whats so funny?
A::oh come on man! at least let me finish this last one.
Q::yeah, i do, yeah.
A::y'know, i wouldve bet good money that hed be the first one of us to get married.
Q::oh my god! thats pete! but why is bill huggin pete?
A::this guy invented moss 865! every office in the world uses that program!
Q::oh.
A::yeah, either that, or gloria estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
Q::is this what its like to be you?
A::my grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
Q::any time you want. y'know, when i was younger, all i wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! it was to be looked at, but never played with.
A::my grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
Q::joanna.
A::thanks, its ah, gaelic, for thy turkeys done. so ah, im gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Q::bing! thats a great name.
A::thanks, its ah, gaelic, for thy turkeys done. so ah, im gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Q::well then youre going to have to take her out again.
A::nooo!! shes really dull! and she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Q::umm, oh, about three months.
A::okay, so i guess thats about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
Q::well yeah, dont-dont you think its a she?
A::i dont know. i cant tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
Q::hey!! i need to relax! okay? i was working all day!
A::and you dont think taking care of our chick is work?
Q::really? whos number two?
A::whos number two? one of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Q::so, so, whatd ya think?
A::almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
Q:: im telling you, this guy rachel is with is crazy! okay? he viscously screamed at total strangers! i think hes baaad news!
A::wait a minute, wait a minute, you dont like the guy rachels dating? well, thats odd.
Q::oh, i
A::why dont you use ours across the hall, cause shehasproblems.
Q::98 hot saves, highest in the force.
A::well, y'know if joey and i played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
Q::and its not fake, its totally brutal.
A::yeah, its two guys in a ring, and the rules are theyre are no rules.
Q::so thanks for the warm welcome. its good to have you guys on my team, and i come to play. i hope you do too. now, lets go out there and get em!
A::yes, but theres two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.
Q:: dude, what are you doing?
A::thank you! today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
Q::hmm.
A::im a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
Q:: would you look at them. am i ever gonna find a boyfriend again? i gonna die an old maid.
A::youre not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
Q::i feel...
A:: noo!! i dont care! im not, im not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!
Q::thats that weird voice again.
A::okay! okay! let me try it again, youre gonna wanna date this next guy, i swear!
Q::dont blame me, i saw it on the discovery channel.
A::y'know what, hes right. theres something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Q::she wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. i mean she goes on for five pages about, about how i was unfaithful to her! we were on a break!!!! !
A::oh my god! if you say that one more time, im gonna break up with you!
Q::no. im-im to depressed to talk.
A::ill give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
Q:: all right!! all right. i got stung. stung bad.
A:: we were two miles from the house. scared and alone. we didnt think we could make it.
Q::all right. but, youre gonna have to tell them.
A:: do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? they seem all right with it!
Q::pretty nice?
A::youll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
Q::he is right, isnt he?
A::y'know what, i think this might be one of the times hes wrong.
Q:: hey! so ah, what did the insurance company say?
A::oh, they said uh, you dont have insurance here, so stop calling us.
Q::yeah, okay, listen, umm, mom, i hope you know you still mean a lot to me. and youre welcome to come back anytime.
A::pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, wed really appreciate it.
Q::why?
A::when i walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.
Q::knowing youre here, waiting for me i think its kinda exciting.
A::okay. but if you dont come back soon,  theres pretty much nothing i can do about it!
Q::and the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind? !
A::it did enter my mind! but then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Q::does it hurt?
A::no, i just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. hello sweet pants!
Q::when she sees that youre gone, shes gonna know that i let you out, and that i was in here, and im gonna get fired!
A::ill make something up! im good at lying, i actually did borrow your walkman!
Q::no! god, would you just calm down!
A::im gonna say this for the last time. would you please just
Q::hey! new wallet, huh?
A::yeah, it was time. the old condom ring in the leather just doesnt say cool anymore.
Q:: my god! is this a gym card?
A::oh yeah, gym member. i try to go four times a week, but ive missed the last 1200 times.
Q::who is maria?
A::oh maria. you cant say no to her, shes like this lycra spandex covered gymtreat.
Q::hey! so, did you quit?
A::no, i almost did, couldnt leave ross there without a spotter!
Q::oh please!
A::so ah, joey tells me you two met in acting class.
Q::how do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend joey gives her an orange?
A::okay, all right, i'll just uh, make sure that uh, joey gets her something really great.
Q::you got all that from the back of her head?
A::all right look, i think its time for you to settle down. y'know? make a choice, pick a lane.
Q::me too, but i guess i do have a couple of more
A:: uhh, that was joey. hes running a little late, he says hes sorry.
Q::yeah, i do. of course, i learned at my aunts dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
A::dog grooming huh? okay, just dont make my tail too poofy.
Q::what? !
A::okay, we-we swallow our feelings. even if it means were unhappy forever. sound good?
Q::no the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing joey, he probably just wouldve just stepped aside.
A::oh, dont say that! dont say that. thats not true. is it?
Q::i dont know! but its the same!
A::look, im sorry! but theres nothing i can do, i think im in love with her!
Q::really?! wow! thats-thats so nice, what are you gonna get me?
A::i dont know r.g., i was thinking something girlie for your office.
Q::yeah, yknow at first i thought we could talk about this yknow, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together i dont think i
A::hey, look, what do you want me to say? do you want me to say that ill stop seeing her?
Q::okay, fine.
A::you cant tell, but im trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Q::what happened?
A::hes not gonna make it, hes stuck in chicago.
Q::no, im getting back down cause she lives in poughkeepsie. she seems really great, but shes like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
A::how can she be great if shes from poughkeepsie? that joke wouldve killed in albany.
Q::hey, yknow, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! i hate being alone this time of year! next thing you know itll be valentines day, then my birthday, then bang!before you know it, theyre lighting that damn tree again. ohh, i want somebody!
A::really?! i didnt think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Q::hold on, yknow i just got a box of cubans, maybe i bring them by your office around uh, five?
A::oh well, thats uh, a little later than i uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Q::ohh, i like swimmers bodies!
A::yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
Q::you told this guy that i was looking for a fling?! you dont tell the guy that!
A::why not?! id be thrilled if i heard that some hot girl was just looking to getoh i see.
Q:: hey! you guys! check it out, check it out! guess which job i got.
A::i dont know, but donald trump wants his blue blazer black.
Q::well, they said that i had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? im gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
A::youre gonna be carrying their baby and give them a sony play station?
Q::and youre afraid you wont be able tofill his shoes.
A::no, im afraid i wont be able to make love as well as him.
Q::so big deal, so joeys had a lot of girlfriends, it doesnt mean hes great in bed.
A::we share a wall! so either hes great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Q::what kind of changes?
A::well the vet seems to think thats shes becoming a rooster. were getting a second opinion.
Q::five.
A::okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Q::how did you know she would buy scotch tape?
A::well, we used theres up last night making scary faces.
Q::dont blame the questions!
A::would you all stop yelling in our apartment! you are ruining moving day for us!
Q::oh, wow. i cant believe youre throwing that in my face.
A::well, that is what happened, and i dont even see you denying this!
Q::so you were right?
A::i confronted her, and she didnt deny it! i dont live here!
Q::hey! youre wearing pants!
A::thats right! where are the guys? im ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
Q::oh! and dont let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.
A::ahh, come on! yknow whatyknow what, i think im just gonna go home and call kathy.
Q::no, i dont.
A::all right, well im gonna put my sweats back on.
Q::well, are we all together? like in a group?
A::stop it! youre killing me! i think i just moved on to phase four!
Q::wait, now, what am i doing again?
A::come on! would you please pay attention, i could wake up at any moment!
Q::so what are you doing bringing her here?! theres people here!
A::dont worry about it. im taking care of it tonight.
Q::hey-hey, whats going on?
A::oh, im packing. yknow im-im packing cause im moving to yemen tomorrow.
Q::thanks for telling me!
A::im only going to pretend im moving to yemen, its the only way i can get rid off her.
Q::on no! no! its not good-bye, im not leaving until you get on that plane.
A::okay. then i guess its just, wait here then. hi. i need one fake ticket to yemen.
Q::im sorry sir, i dont understand.
A::what would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
Q::no, we didnt even pay our cable billmaybe this is how they punish us.
A::maybe we shouldnt pay our phone billfree phone sex.
Q:: whoa, hey, that ladys all kinds of naked.
A::yeah, joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Q::yeah, it happened to me once. i was just flipping through the channels and bam! it was like finding money.
A::like finding money with naked people on it!
Q:: oh no-no-no-no!
A::we dont know what could make this go away.
Q::about, cause you work for a big company. okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
A::they dont really talk to us about that kind of stuff. i can get you some free white out though.
Q::how did it go with frank and alice?
A::they dont really talk to us about that kind of stuff. i can get you some free white out though.
Q::what do you say?
A::forget it! okay, im not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
Q::yes! didnt you ever read sports illustrated?! no! i didnt read yours!
A::look, the only way i will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Q::whoa!
A::i didnt mean that. i just meant that the apartment is worth so much more.
Q::chandler, thats like your fourth cup of coffee!
A::well, i am drinking lots of cups of coffee because im exhausted! because joey started snoring!
Q::yeah!
A::were going to everest! okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on everest!
Q::we could get that everest video though.
A::yeah, we could do that without yknow risking our lives at all!
Q::yeah. yeah.
A::but ill tell you something. one of these days were get off of our buts and rent die hard again!
Q::whats this? is this rosss wedding invitation?
A::see, maybe thats the one we shouldve actually hidden.
Q:: what about me?! you-you just said i could!
A::im not even getting married! okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Q::look ross, i am so-so sorry. i-i-i
A::well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Q::all right! westminster abbey! hands down, best abbey ive ever seen. hey!
A::i think its great. its great. yknow, theyre thinking of changing the name of this place.
Q::oh, i embarrass you?
A::how can i answer that when im pretending i dont know you?
Q::no, ive looked everywhere!
A::well, you couldnt have looked everywhere or else you wouldve found her!
Q::i know, ive been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, dont you think?
A::we cant do that thats insane. i mean a he could wake up and b yknow, lets go for it.
Q::that sucks! that's not a trip! i just came from the park! what are we gonna high five about at the stupid central park?
A::well, i'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my central park idea.
Q::let's see what we got here. ohh, y'know, fonzie dated triplets.
A::this-this fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
Q:: now maybe you just like wanna but the whole duck in there! who cares, y'know? now i got the legs
A::how many times have i told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Q::yeah, so?
A::well i just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Q::well, if we owe it? oh my when is joey gonna be home?
A::well, i was kinda hoping we could do this without him. oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Q::hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
A::oh, who should i blame? the nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Q::oh, so your weekend was a total bust?
A::uh, no, i got to see donald trump waiting for an elevator.
Q::in london!! !
A::the reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Q::oh, i hate this. everything's changing.
A::yeah i know, we're losing ross, joey said hence
Q:: kinda.
A:: oh my god, the air purifier! ross's air purifier! all i heard through 4 years of college was
Q::but hey, ross, this place is available now!
A::yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.
Q::hey, what's up? 
A::monica, i was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Q:: i can do that!
A::monica, i was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Q::i didn't mean to cut it off. it was an accident.
A::that's why for an entire year people called me sir limps-a-lot? !
Q:: hello mr. bing...i love you.
A:: alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! its been six months! its not funny!
Q::all right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.
A::okay, but be careful okay, because i wanna get our security deposit back.
Q::and the reason i'm doing this is because i am joey's friend. and if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
A::oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
Q::i guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. huh?
A::yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck all the live long day! !
Q::what's the matter? !
A::we wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know
Q::uh bing, i think we're gonna make this the last game.
A::oh yes, sir! put me out of my misery. are you sure you never played pro? please let them win!
Q::i can't believe you let them win!
A::yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it.
Q::i was frustrated with you!
A::if we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Q::okay.
A::i also want you to remember that i let you live here rent free!
Q::thanks!
A::pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine.
Q::you are so cute! how did you get to be so cute?
A::well, my grandfather was swedish and my grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
Q::what?
A::the weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, i think, i think phoebe was hitting on me.
Q::eh?
A::well you know that thing you said before, i'd be lying if i said i wasn't intrigued.
Q::dude!
A::and hats off to phoebe. quite a competitor. and might i say your breasts are still showing.
Q::i know what you need, you need a bodyguard. hey ross, what is ben doing after preschool?
A::hey listen, come on, joey is having a problem! a little girl is beating him up.
Q::what's with him?
A::oh, y'know what? the last time joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
Q::i know but i'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
A::okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. you could get arrested.
Q::yeah well, that's 'cause monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
A::y'know i rued the day oncedidn't get a whole lot else done.
Q::wow! you look nice. what's the occasion?
A::monica and i are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at ja george.
Q::hey, where's the chicken?
A::oh, he's in the back. the duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Q::oh umm, my big scene is coming up. big scene coming up.
A::if you said, big lima bean, bubbling up. would she understand the difference?
Q::no, it's sam waterston! crimes and misdemeanors, capricorn one.
A::doesn't know, hello. but she knows capricorn one.
Q::what? !
A::come on! gary's such a great guy! whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
Q::oh yeah! for every dollar shutter speed makes, one penny of it goes right in joey's pocket.
A::so you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
Q::what are you talking about?! i'm the lead in a movie!
A::they're not even paying ya! this doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Q::not if you're gonna be like this!
A::all right, i'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that i'll lie.
Q::hey!
A::joey kicked me out of the car on the george washington bridge!
Q::it's almost our anniversary!
A::i know. can you believe it? one year ago today i was just your annoying friend chandler.
Q::no.
A::okay this is great, but joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Q::i love the i forgot the present fake out!
A::how do you feel about the, i really did forgot the present, please forgive me not fake out?
Q::hard 8?! we should call it easy 8!
A::okay, okay, i tell you what. you roll another hard eight;  and we get married here tonight.
Q::what did you just say?
A::you roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
Q::sure! whats up?
A::monica and i almost got married last night.
Q::ready!
A::okay, a little problem. the key broke in the lock and i cant get in!
Q::yknow, i really have to tell rachel, but i we just have to get it over with! yknow, the next time we see them were just gonna tell them. okay? thats it.
A::oh, so thats this is gonna work now? youre just gonna order me around all the time?
Q::ugh, the worse day! yknow, you think youre making progress at work and then your boss calls you raquel.
A::hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me sha-la-lap. seriously.
Q::im not your best friend?
A::you just said of course youre my best friend. would you please tell rachel though?
Q::dude! what are yoyou trying to kill me?!
A::pheebs, i dont understand. how can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Q::hey, what is with the secrecy phoebe? huh? and what about this denise, is she cute?
A::pheebs, i dont understand. how can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Q::listen, we dont have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
A::thats a great idea! we can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Q::oh good.
A::hey, yknow what? why dont we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Q::changes?
A::yeah, i mean were gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
Q:: oh, i cant believe this! this sucks! when i had insurance i could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, yknow? and it wouldnt matter.
A::im sorry man, theres never a good time to  stop catching on fire.
Q:: hey! so estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and ill have my health insurance back in no time.
A::thats great, but shouldnt you be on the toilet right now?
Q::dude! hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. besides its getting darker and more painful, that means its healing.
A::i will loan you the money. just go to the hospital and lets just get that thingpushed back in.
Q::whats going on?
A::oh joeys got a really bad hernia, but thats nothing a little laser eye surgery wont fix!
Q::well, i didnt realize until i got home. i wasnt gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! yknow what? im gonna go find that guys car and leave a note on the windshield.
A::oh good, when he comes back for his keys, ill be sure to give him your shoe.
Q::dont worry about it phoebe, well absolutely do it.
A::yeah, im gonna pass. cause i was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Q::yeah, two hours, a lifetime thats the same.
A:: check it out! check it out! when the babies wake up, they can meet krog!
Q::but the mess!
A::is not as important as the fact that phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
Q::here it is! our last pizzas together as roommates.
A::oh, i wish id know you were going to do that, i ordered chinese.
Q:: yes! i win again! ha-ha! thats like 500 bucks you owe me!
A::okay, give me a chance to win my money back. okay? sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Q::i dont know how to play cups.
A::ill teach ya! come on, come on, its really easy and really, really fun.
Q::over there! before, with the bills! you tried to give some charity, i said no, you dropped it. okay?
A::im just trying to help you out! okay? i wanna make sure that youre okay.
Q::put it back exactly where you found it?
A::yes i'm gonna put it back  exactly where i found it.
Q::kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
A::she's not gonna care if i put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
Q::look chandler, monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. believe me, i lived with her for 16 years. she is going to freakout. oh my god, she's going to sit on you.
A::no, she's not okay? and i'll prove it to you. i'm gonna call her right now. phone's done ehh.
Q::whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
A::ok well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Q:: what? !
A:: i couldn't say that i was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.
Q::is it the same thing that chandler had?
A::look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Q::dude, what'd you have?
A::look, we have no time okay? we must focus. we gotta get everything back into its original place.
Q::no.
A:: is that your tiny little box, thats too small to put anything in?
Q::but, pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where i actually work. but, just come by at lunch so my boss doesnt see you. cause kim will just freak out and she already doesnt like me very much.
A::thats weird. i dont think my boss likes me either.
Q::now are drawers will smell nice and we didnt waste these pantyhose.
A::yes, god forbid we throw out old underwear. you-you know what? im going to go over to joeys.
Q::yeah. go over to joeys. go over to joeys and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
A::you know when guys hang out they dont just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Q::oh my god, joey, that is such a great tip.
A::monica, could you excuse us for a second? i need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
Q::no, my parents.
A::oh! thats great, they havent seen the place since i moved in!
Q::i dunno, maybe its because youre really sarcastic. or maybe its cause you uh-
A:: well if people dont know they shouldnt just guess!
Q::maybe i could give thanks for you shuttin up, eh?
A::maybe i could give thanks by taking my playstation over to my new apartment.
Q::were trying to get ross stoned!
A::your parents caught ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Q::oh and  okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, i learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach  or uh, or saying mmm and uh, oh oh! and smiling , okay?
A::yeah, im not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.
Q::oh my god! we love that show! i mean ross and i have been watching it since i can remember!
A::ah, youre still just a little fat girl inside arent you?
Q::yeah.
A::you dont, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
Q:: what?!! what?
A::so she was just pretending to have a good time last night? she was lying to our faces? !
Q::uh, oh-oh, no you didnt. i did.
A::yes, i did. i told it to dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke hed ever heard.
Q::lets go watch it at your place.
A::nah, monicas watching some cooking show. come on, i dont want to miss when they were skinny.
Q::i know! yeah, but, look i can handle it. all right? look, i can listen to the radio, huh?
A:: all right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
Q::you know, barracuda was the first song i learned to play on the keyboard.
A::so, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
Q::monica!
A::okay, okay. you have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Q::yeah, but im your brother. were family. thats the most important thing in the world.
A:: dont try to sway her. im your only chance to have a baby. okay, lets go.
Q::okay, chandler, you go first.
A::okay, i thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with steve.
Q::okay rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. ross, double latte, $2.75. chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. and pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25.
A::this coming from the man who couldnt split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Q:: come on.
A::dont take this personally okay? its just that i just cant have sex with a sick person.
Q::yeah youre right. i dont know what i was thinking.
A::no, i guess i just never really cried. yknow? im not a crying kind of guy.
Q::uhhh, yeah. yeah. but uh, i dont think its the kind youre gonna like.
A::you didnt get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
Q::shhhh!!!
A:: i just dont see why those two cant work things out!
Q::oh my god! are-are you crying?
A:: i just dont see why those two cant work things out!
Q::hey, if i hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
A::i could use the money; it could give me time to write.
Q::thats great! that would be great! lets do that!
A::i could use the money; it could give me time to write.
Q::okay, you watch too much tv.
A:: here you go joe, heres the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.
Q::she doesnt know she was fired yet, does she?
A::no, the doctors say it may kill her.
Q::okay, what is this? a stupid contest? because we got a winner here!
A::listen phoebe, hes right. people are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
Q::i was just waiting for the perfect guy.
A::well good, good for you. you really think that roger is the perfect guy?
Q::hey!
A::let me tell you about this chick i scored with last night! oh no wait a minute that was you!
Q::no.
A::okay, look i need your help, i dont know what to get her for valentines day.
Q::so what are you gonna do?
A::well, have you guys made anything that maybe i can take credit for?
Q::yknow what? shed-shed love this. uh, its an exact replica of apollo 8. i made it in the sixth grade.
A::yeah, i guess i could use that. i could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Q::why not?
A::because it says captain ross on the side and i hate monica on the bottom.
Q::oh, cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, theres your admirer.
A::a hot girls at stake and all of the sudden hes rain man.
Q::oh well listen, anyway shes directing the new al pacino movie. you gotta get me an audition!
A::oh, i dont know man. i havent talked to her in like ten years.
Q::no-no-no, please-please chandler i-i-i would owe you so much!
A::you do owe me so much. you owe me three thousand, four hundred
Q::hey-hey listen
A::okay! so yeah, maybe we can get together umm  can you hold for one second please? what? !
Q::hey!
A:: we didnt get to the audition. im gonna take her to coffee and then well do it then.
Q::huh? oh-oh, it was fine. uh, it was just a misunderstanding. she didnt want me to go with her.
A::wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break?
Q::the allergy guy got the part! thanks!
A::well, maybe we can fix it yknow? maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
Q::chandler, chandler.
A::i pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, i do, i do. i pity the fool that. . .
Q::we said six!
A::the only way that i said six would be if the sevens, let meet at seven, not at six.
Q::what? i-i bought groceries, i was gonna make you dinner!
A:: well next time ask! or at least wait for me to ask!
Q::really?
A::yes, if it really doesnt mean anything, because you know that im just not ready
Q::now, have you told anyone else?
A::no, i dont want to tell anybody else because i dont want monica to find out.
Q::this ring is from the 1920s, its a one and a half carat diamond with sapphires on either side.
A::sir, can i ask you to umm, could youhold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
Q:: how would you like to pay?
A::uh, credit card. oh no! no-no, but i left my credit card with joey. okay, ill go get it.
Q::chandler, i found the perfect ring.
A::oh, thats uh, thats pretty nice but im gonna go with the one i picked first.
Q::i know, im sorry! but yknow, this ring is better! monica never even saw the other ring.
A::yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring i got goose bumps.
Q:: hey.
A::i cant believe i let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
Q::there he is!
A::okay and he hasnt proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
Q:: ugh! no more crying! please! i just dumped one cry baby, ill dump you too!
A::im gonna ask monica to marry me.
Q::hey, yknow what? ill come too. im making money now; its about time i give something back.
A::well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Q:: are you sure youre okay?
A::yes! im fine. in fact ive been fine for a long time now and i think, the reason is you.
Q::ohh thats sweet!
A::okay umm, before i meant you i had really little life and i couldnt imagine growing old with
Q::oh, im sorry. lisa,  monica, chandler. we used to date.
A::richard! no one supposed to know about us! see i, did it again.
Q::oh my god, you guys! !
A:: before you say anything, have we got a story for you! guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Q::we didnt ruin it!
A::who walks into a room and asks to see a persons hands? !
Q::look, she only suspects something okay? she doesnt know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
A::thats right, i can throw her off. i can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Q::i know! they suck! !
A::hes not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! im supposed to do that!
Q::sup? sup dude?
A:: take whatever you want, just please dont hurt me.
Q::paris?
A::we will take a moonlit walk on the rue de la .
Q::well it was chandler! we didnt think hed ever propose!
A::clearly i did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal.
Q::this is the most special day of our lives.
A::no, i realize that honey, but im not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Q::what?
A::are you kidding? okay, ill give you a hint; ill give you a hint.
Q::so what do you guys want for an engagement present?
A::thats okay pheebs, were not having a party or anything, so you dont have to get us
Q::you were trying to eat it!
A::if that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
Q::oh my god. he threw up?
A::no, he visited a little town south of throw up. so what was phoebes secret?
Q::okay youre right. ill hire hilda tomorrow. dumb old perfect for the job hilda!
A::let me see this guy. w-h-wow! dont show this to monica! and dont tell her about the w-h-wow!
Q::how could you tell her?!
A::i had too okay?! were getting married! married couples cant keep secrets from one another!
Q::youre right. i mean im sorry. yeah, i shouldnt be laughing. i should be laying down papers for you!
A::i had too okay?! were getting married! married couples cant keep secrets from one another!
Q::thats not true, there are great pictures of us!
A::no, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy whos going like this
Q::oh my god! thats the creep that youre with at the statue of liberty.
A::i dont know what it is, i just cant take a good picture.
Q::are you okay?
A::yeah, joey said i uh, i needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Q::did you break up with her?
A:: no, were still together. yeah we went out for two summers, and then i broke up with her.
Q::why?
A::well, cause she came back the third summer and shed gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow
Q::well, apparently she does.
A::well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. seriously, good luck marrying me.
Q::in one year?! my god what did she eat? her-her family! thats not the point.
A::look i know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but i was 15!
Q::how?
A::you were not supposed to hear that! i said that behind you back!
Q:: oh umm, theres also a book here by a woman named wendy bagina. what is that?
A::sounds like two people are really enjoying the dewey decimal system.
Q::oh my god, shes not gonna like the chicken that night either is she? !
A::yknow what? its gonna be okay. yknow what? shes probably not gonna even want to come.
Q::what, are we keeping thanksgiving a secret this year?
A::no, we're playing this game i learned at work. you have to name all the states in six minutes.
Q::rosss apartment is nice! how come we don't hang out here more often?
A::i don't know. maybe it's because it smells a little weird. it's like old pumpkins or something.
Q::almost cried huh? hear that chandler? almost cried!
A::hey, you cry every time somebody talks about titanic!
Q::oh, yknow i'm not that much of a sweet tooth. iwow. my god, so creamy. oh my god, this is the best cheesecake i have ever had.
A:: it was at the front door. when i got home. somebody sent it to us.
Q::my god, i cant believe this! i mean i knew that mom and dad were invited, but i thought that was it! i mean from the ages 7 to 9 frannie and i were inseparable!
A::well, maybe since the age of 9, frannies made some new friends.
Q::hi!
A::another cheesecake came! they delivered it to the wrong address again!
Q::what? wait a minute, i didnt pay, i thought you paid!
A::so apparently we just dont pay for food anymore. do you see what i see?
Q::she could be out of town. maybe shell be gone for months.
A::by then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. we dont want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
Q:: oh my god! that is so good!
A::im full, and yet i know if i stop eating this, ill regret it.
Q::oh, what are you going to do?! are you gonna go run tell monica?! are you gonna tell joey?! no!
A::yknow what? i dont trust you with this cake anymore! and i got it first, and im takin it back!
Q::that really was some of your best work.
A::hm-hmm, i told you! i cant believe that ive only got two hours before i call in sick for work.
Q::how would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
A::yeah, id love to but ive tried that so many times they wont even let me in the store anymore.
Q::oh no! my parents have never seen me drunk! that they know of.
A::okay, heres the thing. were gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that youre drunk.
Q::what about your breath? !
A::thats still yours. okay, now remember its a surprise party. so, when you go in, act surprised.
Q::awwwww
A:: go change! she doesnt want her parents to know shes drunk.
Q::now that youre a couple, we dont get two presents from you guys?
A::for my last birthday you gave me a hug! okay, read the card! read the card!
Q::what? !
A::well its just my entire family was run out of scotland byvikings. anyway, lots of bad memories.
Q::can you blame him?
A::sorry, i just dont like the idea of when i say, i do, hes thinking, yeah, id do her too!
Q::so, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?
A::no, but horny for monica minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Q::yeah baby!
A::and i was a perfect gentleman and i walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Q::three!
A::well i think its safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Q::and it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv
A::i dont believe it. the most romantic night of my life and im runner up.
Q::hey.
A::hey. do you want this scone? it came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Q::since when are you into swing music?
A::oh since forever! i used to go all over town listening to bands!
Q::listen, sorry i didnt stop by last night but i had a date.
A::uh joe, when its one oclock in the morning and you dont come by? thats okay!
Q::really?
A::yeah, thats like the most ugliest dress ive ever seen. wh-why do you to return it?
Q::okay, but all right youre a guy, does it not freak you that youre never gonna sleep with anybody else?
A::sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and im afraid even more sweating.
Q::oh boy me too!
A::yknow i was thinking if we had aa big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours
Q::thats right! made expressly for val kilmer and worn by him in the hit filmthat batman film he was in.
A::you cant wear that! im wearing the famous tux! james bonds tux!
Q::hey-hey! why dont we put them on? yknow get a picture of batman and james bond together.
A::i would but mine doesnt fit. the pants are a little tight.
Q::between you and
A::i would but mine doesnt fit. the pants are a little tight.
Q::theres still so much to do. have you written your vows yet?
A::i figured id buy those. pat, id like to buy a vow.
Q::in london!! !
A::the reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Q::no you didnt. oh and honey just so you know, now that youre marrying me, you dont get to win anymore.
A::look forget it okay? i dont want to go. i dont want to see him. i dont wanna.
Q::i still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
A::no! no! i dont want him to know were yet! im not sure im ready for that.
Q::no-no i heard! im just sorry.
A::it cant happen like this. okay? ill meet you back at the hotel.
Q::yeah.
A::okay. you wont believe what monicas older brother just said to me!
Q::so this is your office?
A::how did you guys find me? i knew i shouldve hid at the gym!
Q::what the hell are you doing? !
A::panicking! and using the internet to try to prove that im related to monica. how is she?
Q::whheywhoa-whoa, where, where you going? !
A::ross, i am not gonna run away again! i just want to get a little fresh air.
Q::oh my god. oh my god! and youre-youreyoure not freaking out?
A::well i was! then i went down to the gift shop because i was out of cigarettes
Q::what? !
A::yeah, the last six weeks. i wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
Q::oh that is so sweet!
A::so? would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
Q::dennis is a dear old friend and a fantastic lover.
A::bravo dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so.
Q::thats true! i knew i married you for a reason!
A::ill tell you what, i will go get them developed and you can go home.
Q::yeah, one time, when we were dating, uh we got a late checkout, he got so excited it was the best sex we ever had. until yknow, he screamed out radisson at the end.
A::okay, well im gonna get ross, get the cameras, and get them developed. 32 joe. youre 32!
Q::what disposable cameras?
A::the cameras? remember last night i told you to take them?
Q::no you didnt.
A::yes! remember? right before we cut the cake, i went up to you and i said
Q::now you guys just got married, why is she so depressed?
A::all my energy is going into not asking that question. i cant believe i screwed this up!
Q::that would be a good idea.
A::okay. you opened all the presents without me?! i thought we were supposed to do that together!
Q::oh no, i already packed. the only thing i couldnt find though was your speedo.
A::a speedo? uh, i dont have a speedo. im gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit.
Q::well i guess there is no harm in telling you now, rachel and ross are gonna have a baby.
A:: what?! i didnt even know thatwhy didnt you tell me?! why am i talking like this? !
Q::regina philange.
A::i still dont get it, we didnt do anything wrong.
Q::but we really do need to find someone up here. the work is starting to pile up. ive got a stack of documents on my desk this high.
A::yknow what you should do, just toss em in the shedder and claim you never got em.
Q::i want to talk to that bastard, see what his problem is.
A::okay bob listen uhh, im the reason you didnt get the job up here.
Q::umm, actually im just a nurse.
A::youd think that would embarrass me, but you see im maxed out.
Q::look this is starting to look really bad for me. okay? mona, monas standing right over there. oh god, shes talking to joey!
A::no way! if anything youve gotta let me win! my wife thinks im a wimp!
Q:: i hope by maid you mean mistress, because if some other woman was here cleaning then
A::uh honey, i know you dont like to relinquish control
Q::i have been looking for them all week and she is wearing them!
A::so she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?
Q::i will prove it to you! okay? about a week ago i was wearing those jeans and i dropped a pen in my lap and it left an ink stain on the crotch. now when she comes back i will find it and show you that stain!
A::honey, isnt it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair?
Q::i guess.
A::so, shouldnt we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we gosnooping around her crotch?
Q::what?
A::yes! its flown into your blouse and youd better undo your buttons lest it sting you!
Q::uh actually, sorry i cant even make it. im seeing mona again tonight.
A::i understand who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party?
Q::maybe monicas playing a joke on ya. yknow? getting her own husband a hooker, thats pretty funny.
A::that is funny, maybe for my birthday shell murder someone.
Q::do you mind if i smoke in here?
A::oh actually, id rather youyeah, go ahead. were gonna have to burn that room down anyway.
Q::i miss this.
A::i dont think weve actually done this before!
Q::oh sureand hey, dont get me wrong, i am so happy for you guys. i justi misshanging outjust-just us, yknow?
A::yeah, i miss that too. i tell you what; from now on well make time to hang out with each other.
Q::i swear i didnt know she was a hooker! i mean whdid you let her smoke in here?
A::her ass print is still on your grandmothers quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?
Q::what?
A::yeah! im just pretending to watch the game so i dont have to help out with stuff.
Q::everyone at our school heard it!
A::everybody at my school heard it! you were the hermaphrodite cheerleader from long island? !
Q::well joey, were allwere all very proud of you.
A::yes, i believe we can expect a call from the president any moment now.
Q::see chandler? im getting a lot of use out of them already! theyre very practical. see, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants
A::you can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them.
Q::oh nothing im justjust was yawning.
A::oh dont forget, my office holiday party is tonight.
Q::anyway, i picked up this outfit that i want to wear and the, and the boots dont really go with it.
A::you said that you paid all that money because those boots go with skirts, dresses, and pants!
Q::okay. wait, just give me a second, i need to just get my boots off first. ahoohoohhohhoh godohhohohhohhhh
A::honey, i know youre in pain right now, but im a little turned on.
Q::well i dont have them either. where are they?
A::well, why dont you check in one of my saddlebags while i chew on a bale of hay!
Q::hi honey. we just got a wedding gift from bob and faye bing; they dont like us do they?
A::who says you cant get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? maybe we can take it back?
Q::whoa, monica runs a pretty tight ship over here. what are you doing?
A::monica has a secret closet and she wont let me see whats in it.
Q::why not?
A::i dont know! what could she possibly be hiding in here that i cant see? !
Q::i dont know. ooh, i bet its richard.
A::why would monica be keeping richard in here?
Q::wow that was a big one.
A::i think thats the youngest girl ever to reject me.
Q::oh, im so sorry. um, and maybe im wrong! i butyknow im gonna go out with him again, ill find out more.
A::you believe that this guy is destined for someone else and youre still gonna date him?
Q::so ive been slowly phasing out the wine importing and focusing more on the cheese side of things.
A::cheese you say? thats some pretty smelly work, huh don?
Q::great! great. then i mustve left it at monas. i knew it!
A::well, im sure you get another one at ann taylors.
Q::honey, what is the bruce springsteen cd in the kat stevens case?
A::lets just say if i cant find the right cd case i just put it in the nearest one.
Q::well, his name is parker and i met him at the drycleaners.
A::oooh, did he put a little starch in your bloomers? who said that?
Q::its a dead dog. thats chi-chi; she died when i was in high school.
A::its your parents anniversary and youre going to talk about their dead pet?
Q::just going over my toast. those two will never know what hit em. i cant wait. theyre going to be crying so hard.
A::ya know if you want to, i can just hold them down and you could .
Q::you think were being obvious?
A::no, were just four people with neck problems. you talk like this.
Q::you dont think its a little crazy that you get all my points just cause you
A::i dont think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other.
Q::yes!
A::id like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please.
Q::no. he teaches a course on food criticism at the new school, so before we go to the movies i wanna go by there and make him try my bouillabaisse again. oh, i cannot wait to read the front page of the post tomorrow! restaurant reviewer admits i was wrong about monica.
A::the front page? you really do live in your own little world, dont ya?
Q::oh! its okay, you calm down after a while and then people can see how really sweet and wonderful you really are.
A::oh good. good, because im sure this interview is gonna last a couple of weeks.
Q::um-hmm, thats good to know. but lets stop focusing on what you dont do, and start focusing on what you do do.
A:: what i do dois manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me.
Q::hey, what about the scene with the kangaroo? did-did you like that part?
A::i was surprised to see a kangaroo in a world war i epic.
Q::hey! sleeping beauty!
A::where have you been?! i tried to call you! i want to talk to you! i still feel so bad!
Q::give me a number, i dont want to owe you anything!
A::you dont owe me anything, i dont want you money
Q::all right, what else?
A::well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes
Q::does that sound like janice?
A::if its not, then theres two of them. and that would mean its the end of the world!
Q::oh, this should be easy. i have a very wide pelvis. you remember chandler.
A::janice i didnt even know you were pregnant! whos the unwitting human whos essence youve stolen?
Q::oh my god! shes amazing. oh, oh im so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!
A::its incredible, i mean one minute shes inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.
Q::well you gotta get at it princess! when your mother and i were trying to conceive you, whenever she was ovulating, bam, we did it. thats how i got my bad hip.
A::thats funny, this conversations how i got the bullet hole in my head.
Q::i didnt look at it. stupid babys head was blocking most of it.
A::go and tell rachel right now before ross finds out.
Q::oh im kinda part of this.
A::actually pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing
Q::are you trying to tell me that were moving to oklahoma, or that youre gay? all right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
A::no, no, but they are going to lease us a ford focus. ill get out of it.
Q:: dude!
A::right. look, i know i'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like i'm bob hope
Q::we gotta get more of that.
A:: you know what these aren't half-bad! you should suggest something like these to ralph lauren.
Q::whoo, whoo. wow, it's uhm... kinda weird that i'm sitting  next to charlie after we broke up.
A::yeah, it's almost if air barbados doesn't care  about your social life.
Q::no, i'll do it.
A::wish i could switch with someone. i really don't  wanna sit with allen iverson over there.
Q::uhm, we just wanna give you a heads-up. bill and colleen hate  us.
A::owen didn't know he was adopted, and monica told him.
Q::still, he had to find out sometime.
A::yeah, but how would you like it if someone told the triplets  that you gave birth to them?
Q::i don't know.
A::that fake british woman is a real bitch, but she  sure can dance... hey!
Q::go away! i don't want to see anybody.
A::i know, i went to the tanning place and the same  thing happened to me. you have to let me in.
Q::well, i'm sorry, but chandler and i could really use a weekend away. you know, to reconnect... emotionally.
A::there's this thing i really want us to do. i read about it in maxim...
Q::what?
A::they thought it was very smart of us to have a  child write the recommendation letter.
Q::what's up?
A::bad news. i watched the tape and passed it along   to my bosses and they weren't interested.
Q:: but, ehm... you watched   the tape?
A:: yeah! i... i... i liked it! but, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it. stupid sons of bitches!
Q::what's going on?
A::our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning   the apartment.
Q::hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
A::kind of. she's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
Q::ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes   taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the vcr?
A::i'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not   mine.
Q::me too. i'm good at it.
A::all right, i'd say we make a pact. neither of us will go out with missy goldberg.
Q::you made out with missy goldberg. how could you do that, after you promised me?
A:: excuse me. . that didn't make us sound gay at all!
Q:: i am soo not going to do good on my sats tomorrow.
A::well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.
Q::oh no, no. i can't choose between you two! i love you both so much!
A::just not enough to put us in the original wedding party.
Q::ah ah...
A:: is it okay that i want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
Q::okay. it's zero hour. all teams execute on my count. let's get this bad boy on the road.
A:: is it okay that i want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
Q::it was, yeah. i kind of don't want it to end. hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
A::i'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and i'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
Q::oh! it's not good.
A::you know, i always feel that way after an interview. i'll bet it went better than you think.
Q::oh well, the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
A::joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago.
Q::what? i get my own room?
A::you don't think we'd buy a house and not have a joey room do you?
Q::i mean, i'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out...   anything we want.
A::my boss said i might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle.
Q::how is that gonna happen?
A::is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
Q::joey's gonna be *so* upset.
A::i know. *he* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the   atlantic.
Q::what if he reads it in the paper?
A::unless snoopy says it to charlie brown, i think we're okay.
Q::hey!
A::so we thought we'd throw you little going away party around seven.
Q::what are you talking about? these aren't mine.
A::oh yeah, right! good luck getting another scarf dance from  me!
Q::can i talk to you alone for a minute?
A::sure. you don't really handcuff guys to waterpipes do you?
Q::these are not mine... look how flimsy they are, come on! good god! you try to hang a guy from a waterpipe with these, they'll snap like a piece of licorice.
A::sure. you don't really handcuff guys to waterpipes do you?
Q::good! now i need you to be careful and efficient. and remember, if i am harsh with you, it is only because you are doing it wrong.
A::hey mon, i think i figured out whose handcuffs they are.
Q::hey, that pregnant girl's name was erica.
A::yeah. it's a shame you two didn't get to spend more time  together.
Q::what?
A::yeah, i mean we've got a lot going on right now. and, plus,   here they'd have their own room.
Q::thanks man. did you hear that, you guys? you're gonna get to   stay here! and, and it's good, you know, 'cause, 'cause now you have a   reason to come visit.
A::i think there may be another reason. so, awkward hug or lame   cool guy handshake?
Q::So that's the kind of guy she likes? Pretty ones?
A::Who knows?  All I've ever heard her say is that she'd dip before dating a guy that smokes.
Q::Neat...
A::My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year.
Q::Bianca, I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you --
A::I really don't think I need any social advice from you right now.
Q::No, but
A::It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s who you want me to bend my rules for?
Q::No kidding.  He's a criminal.  I heard he lit a state trooper on fire.  He just got out of Alcatraz...
A::They always let felons sit in on Honors Biology?
Q::Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
A::I got her under control. She just acts crazed in public to keep up the image.
Q::You hate me don't you?
A::I don't really think you warrant that strong an emotion.
Q::You're not a big talker, are you?
A::Depends on the topic. My fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy.
Q::Unwelcome?  I guess someone still has her panties in a twist.
A::Don't for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties.
Q::Wait I...
A::You were paid to take me out!  By -- the one person I truly hate.  I knew it was a set-up!
Q::You're eighteen.  You don't know what you want.  You won't know until you're forty-five and you don't have it.
A::I want to go to an East Coast school! I want you to trust me to make my own choices.  I want --
Q::Well, yes, compared to your other choices of expression this year, today's events are quite mild.  By the way, Bobby Rictor's gonad retrieval operation went quite well, in case you're interested.
A::I still maintain that he kicked himself in the balls.  I was merely a spectator.
Q::I missed you.
A::It says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls.
Q::Why do you wish to sail west?
A::To open a new route to Asia.  At the moment there are only two ways of reaching it...
Q::You mustn't give way to despair. You must wait.
A::Wait!  I've waited seven years already!  How much longer do you want me to wait?
Q::I am listening, my son.
A::Father, I have betrayed my family. I betrayed my men.  And I betrayed you.
Q::I should not even be listening to you, since my council said no.  But Santangel tells me you are a man of honor and sincerity... And Sanchez, that you are not a fool.
A::No more than the woman who said she would take Granada from the Moors.
Q::Do they have such thoughts?
A::They come and go as naked as the day God created them...
Q::Your mother was blind?
A::Yeah, she went blind giving birth to me. She went to fucking black market doctor to induce me.
Q::Did you get a report from the M.E.?
A::Sure.  But I would like to ask you something.  You got a problem with me?
Q::Leon - meet us at 63rd and Madison. Hair salon.  Ludwig's.
A::I'm on my way with Eddie.  Ludwig's. 63rd and Madison.  The suspects might be there already.
Q::Hey!  I always wanted to be a cop when I was a kid.  I dreamed of running up to a door, kicking it in, pulling my gun and yelling 'Freeze!' at the bad guy! What'd you dream about?
A::I wanted to run up to a building on fire, kick in the door, rush into the smoke and save a kid.
Q::What are you hiding?  Why are you afraid
A::She just saw two of her friends killed! They probably threatened her.
Q::So tabloids don't have to do re enactments.  They going to have real movie this time.
A::If you kill me and film it you're putting a noose around your neck.
Q::Detective - can you tell us what happened here?
A::I can't talk right now.  We have some things to take care of.
Q::Yes you are.  I'm not just some reporter.  I don't just stick a microphone in your face.  You could give me something.
A::Yeah, well you took the camera and put it right down on the evidence.  That was...
Q::No.  I'm the best that's ever threatened you.
A::I'll meet you on one condition - I get exclusivity and you surrender to me.
Q::In here, says he wants a million.
A::Million?!  The killer gets one million dollars for a television interview?
Q::Yes.  Before we hand in the next video - I put titles on it and my credit is going to read - Directed by Oleg Razgul.
A::Yes.  But there's only one problem - you want credit but the problem is - I don't share credit.
Q::We started over, you can too.
A::You spent all the money while I was in prison?  Now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets?!?
Q::I'll send a cop back for you.
A::Hey.  C'mon, you can't leave me like this.  Some freak'll come by and stab me!
Q::You okay?
A::A dog pissed on me!!  I'm gonna sue you for this!  You violated my civil rights!
Q::What?
A::There was a woman - I think she wanted to talk to us.  She looked scared.  Oh shit!  Oh no!
Q::Yes.  My psychiatrist didn't insist that I stay on my medication.
A::...so you feel absolutely no responsibility for killing these people?
Q::It was my finger that pulled the trigger, but I'm not morally responsible.  My psychiatrist knew what I was capable of.  How could I know. I'm not a doctor.
A::You seem very savvy for a man who's been found mentally incompetent to stand trial.
Q::We're in negotiations, that's correct.
A::But doesn't the Son of Sam Law prevent criminals from profiting from their crimes?
Q::Oh?
A::Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.
Q::I don't know. Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure.
A::Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?
Q::The unit is still operational, Dave. but it will fail within seventy-two hours.
A::I understand Hal. We'll take care of it. Please, let me have the hard copy.
Q::I can tell from the tone of your voice, Dave, that you're upset. Why don't you take a stress pill and get some rest.
A::Hal, I'm in command of this ship. I order you to release the manual hibernation control.
Q::I'm sorry, Dave, but in accordance with sub-routine C1532/4, quote, When the crew are dead or incapacitated, the computer must assume control, unquote. I must, therefore, override your authority now since you are not in any condition to intel- ligently exercise it.
A::Hal, unless you follow my instructions, I shall be forced to disconnect you.
Q::Yes, I think so. Just about then.
A::I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking.
Q::Yes, well at first we thought that was the explanation, but it's been going on for the past ten days.
A::You mean you haven't been able to get anyone at the base for ten days?
Q::When do we arrive at Clavius?
A::We're scheduled to dock in about seven hours. Is there anything we can do for you?
Q::Yes, Hal, what's up?
A::It looks like we have another bad A.O. unit. My FPC shows another impending failure.
Q::They always let me do anything. I don't want to pay for it.  I never paid for it in my life.
A::Just do what I say, okay? We'll pay for the girls and have a good time... Don't you trust me?
Q::Yeah?
A::I can deliver Ganz.  But you gotta get me outta here first.
Q::You're crazy.
A::I can help you, man, but you gotta get me out.  I got to be on the street.  Get me outta here.
Q::Well?
A::It's a long shot, but...Billy used to tend bar here a few years back. I heard him talk about it.
Q::I been in a lot of bars where a white cop rousted me and some of the brothers. All those clowns ever had going for 'em was a gun and a badge...
A::You need five years training to handle a joint like...
Q::If we come outta this joint with Ganz' phone number, or a dead Indian, or anything else useful, then you could turn the other way for half an hour while I get laid...
A::Why?  Anybody that talks about women as much as you do probably can't get it up anyway.
Q::Yeah, right.  You want to try again?
A::Naw, you'd just call your pals back to bail you out one more time.
Q::Jesus Christ, look at all the dust on my car...why in the hell don't he take it to a car wash?
A::Didn't know you darker people went in for foreign jobs.
Q::A long time agb Luther must of got the shit beat out of him so bad it just rattled his brain ... that would account for him making so many wrong moves in a row...
A::Yeah, it doesn't look like he's gonna make it as a dangerous tough guy...
Q::That was in style a couple years back, man.
A::Right. if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping, then you're all set.
Q::We missed.
A::You missed ... Luther took a taxi to the hotel across the street. Made a phone call.
Q::Sorry we didn't do better, Jack. I feel like I let you down.
A::Naw, you didn't let me down.  It was a long shot all the way.  We gave 'em a good run at it.
Q::What if your girl's theory turns out to be bullshit?  I mean, they could be in Rio de Janeiro.
A::I've got to play it rough with them. If they know anything, I'm gonna know it.
Q::Okay, reggie, start bustin' my chops... Tell me how great you were with that chick.
A::Hey, Jack, real men don't have to go in for that macho bullshit ... but I was fantastic.
Q::Yeah.  It bothers me when cops get hurt while I'm makin' a play. I don't like it.
A::You might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one, Jack.
Q::Yeah?
A::Try not to get your ass shot to pieces. We got enough dead cops on this one.
Q::Somebody steals your gun, you're supposed to file a report.
A::Are you gonna tell me about police procedure?  Do me a favor, don't give me a bunch of crap.
Q::Ganz and Billy got my girl, Rosalie.
A::I think I met her.  Now tell us something we don't know, like where they stashed her.
Q::Listen, Goddamn it if you think I'm happy about it, you're nuts. I just gotta take care of a few things, okay?
A::This is not the way people who care for each other are supposed to behave.
Q::Personally, they are of no interest to me, I'd rather sell weapons..but I have a customer... so tell me...
A::Even it I did know where the stones were I would never tell somebody like you.
Q::Father, by creating a little destruction, I am, in fact, encouraging life!  So, in reality, you and I are in the same business!
A::Destroying a glass is one thing..killing people with the weapons you produce is quite another.
Q::I'm sorry to have to resort to such methods, but we heard about your good luck on he radio and we need the tickets to Fhloston.
A::Is that the usual way priests go on vacation?
Q::What are we going to do?
A::This is government business now. You ought to go home and get some rest, Father.
Q::I don't have time... I need to know.
A::Listen, the last time I admitted to a woman I loved her ... I never saw her again.
Q::At least, the cat comes back.
A::You still pining for that two timing bitch. Forget her. There are a million women out there.
Q::Here we go again...
A::You know women normally change five times more than men.
Q::What do you want?
A::I just got a call... two seconds ago, some motherfucker called... says he knows about the loop.
Q::Blow me, you paranoid fuck, that's impossible.  Why are you bothering me with this... ?
A::Because somebody just fucking called me and fucking laid it out!
Q::Truman Capote.
A::I tear off the cover and paste this one on...  You know how it is.
Q::Uh huh, pleasure.
A::Apparently Mr. Longdale has something he feels he simply must say before you and I speak.
Q::Do you carry a gun, Mr. Welles?
A::I wear a gun when I can tell a client expects me to.  Other than that, there's never any reason.
Q::My husband was the only one with the combination to this safe.  I knew about it, but as far as I was concerned it was none of my business.  Not till now, that is.
A::You hired someone to open it.  I'll bet the lawyer loved that.
Q::Okay...
A::My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash.
Q::You disappointed in me?
A::No, I'm not.  I sort of hope it's a boy. Be nice to have a boy playing in the house again.
Q::I want to talk to both you guys about Greta.  And...
A::I'm very fucking sorry, but Greta is dead today.  Could we interest you in someone else?
Q::I should have suspectcd, when I heard that 'Doctor.'  I thought it was your father.
A::It was supposed to be.  Dad had a heart attack, two days ago.
Q::That's a <u>face</u>???
A::Point of view is everything. To us, <u>your</u> form of life is ugly as we appear to you.
Q::It is a living thing.  When damaged - you would say 'wounded' - it immediately 'heals' itself.
A::That's why no water leaked inside when we rammed you?
Q::Who?
A::Evan Twombley, the union boss who got shot. Somebody murdered him.
Q::You don't believe me?
A::About Jack? No. Have you checked out the tax bill on your father's farm lately?
Q::Oh.
A::You might be better off legally as well as financially to just go for the --
Q::Done much shooting with that rifle yet?
A::Tell you what. You get me close to a big buck by ten, kid, there's another hundred bucks in it.
Q::Mmm.
A::You understand what I'm saying? I want a deer, a dead one, not a cripple or whatthefuck.
Q::No, I mean whereabouts.
A::A half mile in, along the old lumber road.
Q::I gotta make a report to Fish and Game. I was just wondering, that's all. What'd he do, to shoot himself, I mean?
A::Who the fuck knows? Musta slipped or something. I just heard the gun go off.
Q::Saw him do it?
A::What the fuck you telling me, Wade? I never seen the guy get shot, I told you that.
Q::You musta seen him get shot. I know you did.
A::Let's get the fuck outta here. You're not making any sense, man.
Q::Jesus, why?
A::I... because I want to go home. She said she'd come and get me.
Q::I wish you had. I'd rather be deer hunting instead of freezing my ass on that fucking grader.
A::You ain't the hunter Jack is. And he can't drive the grader worth shit.
Q::I'm sorry.
A::I'm going to start one of those custody suits. I don't give a fucking shit. You know?
Q::No, I just know Jack's lying about what happened. He just seemed -- I know that kid, what he's like inside. He's a lot like I was at his age.
A::You wouldn't have done anything like that, shot someone for money.
Q::Did you tell them?  That we were coming?
A::Don't you think it's proper for a fella to introduce his girl to his parents?
Q::Find them everywhere. 
A::I think your first response to the Twombley shooting was the correct one.
Q::Who'd pay him that kind of money? Not the mob. They got their own guys. Specialists.
A::They wouldn't deal with a guy like Jack. Who else benefits if Twombley is suddenly dead?
Q::How we doing, Colonel?
A::We still got three MiGs running around and six more on the way.
Q::Get `em ready.  You... come with me.
A::Eighteen thousand feet, sir. And two hundred knots... otherwise it's suicide.
Q::Did they say anything about my family?
A::They're still alive, but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes.
Q::*                     CBS said they'll give us four minutes.  They thought the Russian was a nice touch.
A::I always wondered if my freshman Russian class would come in handy.
Q::Commissioner, we both know the Mercury shuttle needs another month of pre-launch testing.
A::Forget it.  The boys on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule.
Q::I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one.
A::I told you, leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys down...
Q::What's the story?
A::Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...
Q::The word is sick.  Ted -- very, very, very sick.
A::What would you say if I told you the toilet just blew up in my face.
Q::Who would believe that Elaine Thompson was once a stewardess on the Denver-Chicago run.
A::And I can hardly believe that I'm engaged to someone like you, Simon.  I'm a very lucky woman.
Q::Can't we change course?
A::We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down.
Q::Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury, Dad?
A::It's going to be terrific.  A whole new world, new kids to play with.
Q::Do you want to talk about it.
A::I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.
Q::It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts.
A::It's a damn good thing you don't know how much he hates your guts.
Q::I'm an airline pilot.  Ah, Clarence, according to my calculations, with this tailwind we ought to be able to make up an additional fifteen minutes over the Rockies.
A::I think you're the greatest. But my Dad says you don't work hard enough on defense.
Q::Mr. Striker, the passengers are ready.
A::Thank you, Randy. You better leave sweetheart. You might get hurt in here.
Q::Look, I don't know where Mr. Strader might be.  He comes and he goes.
A::The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson.  Maybe he knows.
Q::I know... Why don't you hang around for a while, let me entertain you? It's Matt, right?  Now tell me the truth, have you ever... made it... with one of us?
A::Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later.
Q::I like my horizons narrow.
A::Your voice is saying no, but your body is saying yes.
Q::He's not here.  Why ask me?
A::The young woman at the front said you might know where he is.
Q::Let's talk Hubley.
A::His body was discovered three days ago, in an alley off of Central Avenue, near downtown.
Q::George... look me in the eye... George, you don't ever lie to me again.
A::I must trust you, Matthew.  I cannot stop this without you.
Q::Wait.  You know who it looks like? Yeah.  Anderson.  Uh... James Anderson.  He isn't in today.  He took the afternoon off.
A::I think you're gonna find he's taken the rest of his life off.
Q::You know I've been over all this with Fedorchuk and Alterez this morning...
A::Come on.  You got nothin' better to do, cushy county job like yours.
Q::What kind of test?
A::Looking for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you dropped the other day.
Q::Goddammit, Tug -- I want to see Kristin get married, okay?  But--
A::But you're bummed because your ex and her new husband are paying for the whole thing.
Q::This floor's freezing.
A::Christ.  I never saw such a buncha old women.  You want me to fetch your slippers, Hudson?
Q::You had them eating out of your hand, kiddo.
A::They had their minds made up before I even went in there. They think I'm a head case.
Q::What's this?
A::Well, that's the grenade launcher ...you probably don't want to mess with that.
Q::Yeah, bullshit.  Watch us.
A::Maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got out asses kicked, pal!
Q::This service tunnel is how they're moving back and forth.
A::Yeah, right, it runs from the processing station right into the sublevel here.
Q::I don't know, Newt.  That's the truth.
A::Isn't that how babies come? I mean people babies...they grow inside you?
Q::How do you know?
A::Well even if there is, I don't think you want to get involved with this one.
Q::And how will you make him keep it?
A::Oh, sir, he's never disobeyed me in anything. Please, Your Grace, give him one more chance.
Q::Humiliated?
A::How much provocation am I to endure from you? The more license I allow you, the more you take.
Q::Really?
A::My husband is a proud man, sir. He would be furious if he knew I'd come.
Q::Well, what is it about? Tell us the story.
A::It's actually quite amusing, Majesty. It's set - the  whole thing is set in a - in a -
Q::What do you mean, Sire?
A::Well, I mean occasionally it seems to have, how shall one say?  How shall one say, Director?
Q::That's right.
A::My name is Lorl, sir. I'm a maidservant. I was asked to come here and offer my services to you.
Q::What?
A::They'll be paid for by a great admirer or yours who wishes to remain anon - anonymous.
Q::What did he say? What did he say?
A::Papa, the rule is you can only give penalties that can be performed in the room.
Q::Well, your pupil is married and living in Mannheim, young man.
A::Really? Perhaps your dear wife might care to profit from my instruction?
Q::I do.
A::I have bad fancies. I don't sleep well anymore. Then I drink too much, and think stupid things.
Q::Exactly. A dance.
A::But surely the Emperor didn't mean to prohibit dancing when it's part of the story.
Q::What does he want?
A::He didn't say, sir. I told him I didn't know when you would be back, but he insisted on waiting.
Q::What shall we do?
A::Let's call the police and see if they can help us find our wandering boy.
Q::Yes, he is. He's very excited and confused, but he's not crazy, if that's what you mean.
A::Have you read the papers today? Have you listened to the radio or television?
Q::Who is this girl?
A::You're going to have to stop this disturbance or I shall arrest you.
Q::How long have I been here?
A::You've been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago.
Q::No. In fact, your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here.
A::Did you talk to the police in East Proctor? Did the cops go to The Slaughtered Lamb?
Q::It is impossible for a body like that to be dull.
A::We've known Debbie what, since the eighth grade? How many years of foreplay is that?
Q::Listen, that's a pentangle, a five- pointed star. It's used in witchcraft. Lon Chaney, Jr. and Universal Studios maintain it's the mark of the wolf man.
A::I see. You want me to ask these people if they're burning candles to ward off monsters.
Q::Say, David...
A::I'm well aware of how pleasant the weather is in Rome at the present time thank you.
Q::What's wrong with you? Shut up!
A::The wolf's bloodline must be severed. The last remaining werewolf must be destroyed.
Q::Okay, you've seen me. Now go away.
A::David, I'm sorry I upset you yesterday, but you must understand what is going on.
Q::You were saying?
A::Has David Kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors?
Q::Sorry.
A::Has Mr. Kessler said anything regarding the attack on the moors?
Q::What happened?  You're not a thief. How'd you get mixed up with these kind of people?
A::Gambling - I owed them a lot of money. Last week I lost over fifty thousand dollars!
Q::know, but
A::Be sure you're with somebody responsible in case any questions are asked. Understand?
Q::You know, there ought to be a Congressional Medal for men like you. America's comfort to misunderstood wives. I never thought I would find myself in that class.
A::Oh, you're not so badly off. There's something much worse than being a misunderstood wife.
Q::That will be just about enough! Now get out of here!
A::I guess I have said enough  I'm just wasting my breath talking to you.
Q::But, Mr. Dickson, I thought you were going to take care of the mortgage. I only want ten thousand. The property is worth sixty.
A::Mr. Schaffer will take good care of you. He'll give you fifteen - maybe twenty . . .
Q::What time did this thing happen?
A::The clock opposite the vault was stopped by a bullet at 12:09.
Q::They've been coming in steady all morning. I have called for some extra police.
A::All right. Send down to the vaults and have our reserve cash sent up here right away.
Q::I don't care about the Dooley sisters - what time did he get in?
A::That's just what I'm trying to tell you, sir. It was a half hour after the Dooley sisters . . .
Q::Our place, Clell Miller's, Sammy Johnston, the Creeders. Will Hite.
A::The sheriff says it was a gang of drunk Kansas boys.
Q::This is the best score yet.
A::It's still taking too long. The people used to snap to.
Q::That was because of... the reputation the gang had.
A::As long as people think Jesse's still riding, we will never get the respect we deserve.
Q::Okay, folks, I think we know how this is going to go...
A::One false move and I'll blow your heads off!
Q::What?
A::You, ya barrel of pork lard. Here piggy piggy!
Q::How?
A::I think I saw you leavin' by the front door just as I was coming in the back.
Q::See, Frank's being smart about this.
A::Just because he reads all those books and knows all those big words doesn't make him smart.
Q::Beautiful.
A::Now the one time one of us comes up with an idea --
Q::Tom, why don't you stop at our spread before you head on out to the reservation? Figure we might have some work for you, if you want.
A::Hmm. Go back to the reservation and get drunk in a dirt shack, or work for you...
Q::What the --
A::Must be a garrison in town. We're in occupied territory, boys.
Q::He's going to be fine, right Daddy?
A::The bullet came out clean, but he lost a whole lot of blood. Praying wouldn't hurt.
Q::That's a lie. You could've bought a dozen farms with the money we've stolen.
A::I can't quit and leave you alone. I can't quit until you quit. Ma would've wanted it that way.
Q::Ma, I'm glad to see you being nice to our Injun friend.
A::He's a good Christian and he killed Yankees. Jesus told me that made him an all right boy.
Q::Let the law --
A::Laws don't touch men like Thaddeus Rains. Only justice does.
Q::Zee.
A::Jesse. What are you thinking? There are bounty hunters and lawmen all over this county!
Q::Oh, it's a similar room. But the hotel is in Washington D.C. You're not going to get a fair trial down here, in front of a jury of Jesse James sympathizers.
A::So I'll get a fair trial in front of a jury bought off by Thaddeus Rains?
Q::Mmm.
A::You had all those cattle there, so I'd think the extra men were in town from the cattle drive?
Q::Yes?
A::The cows had a brand from a farm just five miles out of town.
Q::Parker, tell me what's going on so I can return as quickly as possible to Boston and my whores and cigars, not necessarily in that order.
A::Two weeks ago, we managed to arrange to have the Army hang one of the local farmers.
Q::You see the Army leaving and you see the loss of a tool. I see a power void to be filled. As we have the most power, we may move with impunity.
A::I see. I'll get together four patrols of our detectives for action tonight.
Q::You wouldn't have done that?
A::Oh no, I would have done that. But I would have made sure I killed them, too.
Q::It's early in the game yet, Mr. Rains. Jesse James and I are just learning how each other moves, feeling out each other's patterns.
A::I'm losing millions of dollars and months of time while you play chess with these farmers!
Q::So, you're looking great, how have you been?
A::Well, I actually might need a little surgery after last time.
Q::Really?
A::My friend told me I should maybe even get a lawyer.
Q::What are you talking about? Bateman is what?
A::Oh Christ. He can barely pick up an escort girl, let alone...what was it you said he did to her?
Q::Well...
A::I m into, well, murders and executions mostly.
Q::Welt...it depends, why?
A::Well, most guys I know who work in mergers and acquisitions don't really like it.
Q::So, what's the topic of discussion?
A::I've been hired by Meredith Powell to investigate the disappearance of Paul Owen.
Q::Paul, give me your Amex card. Good boy. Bateman slaps the card down, looks at the check.
A::Two-hundred-and-fifty. Very reasonable. Let's leave a big tip, shall we? My place hr a nightcap?
Q::I think I kind of lost it. I was just so thrilled to be talking to the richest, most powerful... 'Didn't know I even cared about that stuff.
A::C'mon, how often do you talk to somebody who's been on the cover of Time. Three of four times.
Q::To our new life.  ...What's wrong?
A::That's what I need to ask you.  You know you can't keep anything from me.
Q::...What?
A::I know you. You're gonna run back to work right after dinner. I want my kiss now.
Q::Okay.
A::Great. Great! We need to drag a lot of heavy stuff in front of the door --
Q::Stigma? Larry! 60 billion buys you some slack in this world.
A::And the kid who wrote Skywire -- then gave it away? They're calling him the digital Robin Hood.
Q::You've been coming in early.
A::It helps. Alice said it would help. To focus on something.  'Don't know what I'd do without her.
Q::"Dear Lisa. I've enjoyed working with you. I'd be lying if I didn't say I find you attractive. But in my heart I know that Alice..."  You left my party to send E-mail?
A::I couldn't do it at work cause of security or at home for -- obvious reasons.
Q::All the companies know. The faculties tell 'em. At the target schools.
A::In exchange for endowments. They should just drop the pretense and name the schools after 'em.
Q::...Were you?
A::We moved around so much I barely knew my teachers.
Q::What about the FBI?
A::They've got this guy in the DOJ, maybe others. We tell the wrong person, it's over.
Q::I don't know --
A::And what if the broadcast dishes on top of 21 aren't hot yet? You said the place isn't finished.
Q::Why were you so careless?
A::I thought the worst they would do is fire me. Who knew they took termination so literally?
Q::Oh.
A::Milo? What if Shrot notices somebody entered the Day Care at four A.M.? And tells them about it?
Q::Same with the excerpts I'm choosing: they'll play against any of the images you described.
A::Perfect.  How am I gonna get away from the party long enough to --
Q::Please don't go.
A::At this point the worst thing I could do is anything out of the ordinary.
Q::We rented a loft in Sunnyvale.  You know what's the bad part? We can't talk about work anymore. We're competitors! The venture capitalists made us sign like 100 confidentiality forms.
A::Outpost made me sign 1,000. 'Guess we'll find out what else we have to talk about. Life stuff.
Q::Did you download Corey? In San Jose?
A::Damn. 'Have to go back over there.  Be so much easier if we could walk in the front door.
Q::Fellas, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave here now.
A::Wait a second. I'm the one who found out he was mucking around in here in the first place.
Q::WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE?
A::The shouting is a temporary side- effect of the unfreezing process.
Q::All right, Austin, I think you should go.
A::I think if everyone were honest, they'd confess that the lady looks exactly like a man in drag.
Q::Not in the Nineties.
A::Well they should, filthy beggars, they go from port to port.  Alotta meant nothing to me.
Q::Out and about, doing odds and sods.
A::I'll tell him. By the way, I've decided we should keep our relationship strictly professional.
Q::Thank God, Austin, we made it.
A::Yes, act naturally and we'll split this scene the way we came in, Vanessa.
Q::No, we'll leave them alone and not actually witness them dying, and we'll just assume it all went to plan.
A::I have a gun in my room. Give me five seconds, I'll come back and blow their brains out.
Q::What do you want to do, Scott?
A::I don't know. I was thinking, maybe I'd be a vet or something, cause I like animals and stuff.
Q::I just think, like, he hates me. I really think he wants to kill me.
A::OK, Scott, no one really wants to "kill" anyone here. They say it, but they don't mean it.
Q::How curious ...
A::Something strange is happening. And whoever knows about it doesn't want us to find out.
Q::I thought we were on our way.
A::Oh, absolutely, but Trubshaw's a man worth meeting. No point setting out half shod.
Q::Do you always drive this fast?
A::Have I trespassed on a male prerogative?  We're being followed. I saw him at Trubshaw's ...
Q::You're not venturing alone, surely.
A::I'm going to find out who killed my husband. Will you take these documents to Steed?
Q::John Steed.
A::Valentine Peel. I see you've gone back to using your original face.
Q::What do you think's gonna go on at the guys' party?
A::They'll probably get drunk, and watch dirty movies. But don't worry about the dirty movies.
Q::What do you mean?
A::I forgot to tell you. Yesterday I found a bunch of pornos in the back seat of O'Neill's car.
Q::You sure Gary's got this whole party deal together?
A::Yeah, man, he's got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks.
Q::Thanks, Dad.  Cole, go away.
A::He's gonna hurt you, Debbie. He'll never be true to you the way I would.
Q::What are we having?
A::It's either meatloaf, Swiss steak or charred flesh. I won't know till it's finished.
Q::Are you sure this is a good idea?
A::Look, you heard what those hookers said. They were supposed to go to a bachelor party.
Q::Let's go.
A::Look, girls -- I'll stay behind and hold them off. The rest of you break for it!
Q::It's true.
A::This place should have been wall to wall tits by now.
Q::Don't you love it when old friends stop by?
A::Hey, I'm starved... Let's go get something to eat. We'll bring back food for everybody.
Q::How'd it go?
A::Put it to you this way -- you're gonna have to pry her out of the bed with a spatula, mister.
Q::That's Franny. She likes firemen.
A::Tim, fill out the alarm card.  Clean the pipe poles, wipe down the ladders and hang some hose.
Q::-- He killed people --
A::-- You know what Swayzak would do to the department if this got out? --
Q::I know you cold, Brian. The scary thing is, you probably could have faked it for awhile. But you see, in this job there's no place to hide. Isn't like selling log cabins. You have a bad day here -- someone dies. And that's not fucking good enough. Want another beer?
A::So that's it? Big bad brother's gonna ride my ass till I cough blood?
Q::You crazy son of a bitch, why couldn't you stay behind a desk where you belong?
A::"You never know till the fire stares you down if you're gonna be --"
Q::I didn't know it was a secret. There aren't supposed to be secrets between the city and its investigators --
A::-- Bullshit! You knew what I told you wasn't ready for the papers --
Q::Then go find a corner. I don't want you in my way.
A::I think we should get something straight here. I was assigned to this office by the city.
Q::I don't guess.
A::Some people say you don't do much of anything when it comes to this case.
Q::Sean, come on out, man. What, you forget your favorite uncle?
A::Stephen told him you were killed in a hot tub accident.
Q::How'd you know? These are supposed to be sealed.
A::Lucky guess.  And a case of scotch to a captain in station assignments.
Q::Nobody cares, Ronald.
A::Oh, but it's a good story, Shadow. You're depriving our famous young friend here...
Q::Got a cause?
A::Are the glory boys actually showing interest in Investigation's work? I may have a stroke.
Q::I'm a little busy right now --
A::This'll only take a minute. There's two cops outside that want to ask you about this --
Q::Brown Downtown... There hasn't been any smoking brown on the street in --
A::Who said anything about the fucking street. I've got more connects than you have, Lieutenant...
Q::Double or nothing? Are you fucking out of your mind?
A::I'm not gonna let that bastard take my money
Q::You do know that he's gonna blow up your house, kill your wife and kids --
A::Good. I'll give him an extra 10 grand for his trouble. I hate that motherfucking house and --
Q::-- that there was never any other way it could have gone.  Never any other way. So you had better just put in my fucking bet. $120,000 on the last game. The Big One. Come on! Are you a bookmaker, or fucking what?
A::Here. Look I'll give you the psyho's number You call him yourself and tell him wnat you want.
Q::Please, have a seat.
A::Sloan never told us she had friends like you.
Q::I'm out.
A::Good.  I've got a broken back from carrying you all these years anyway.
Q::You're now Mantan.
A::Mantan?  I don't even care as long as I'm dancing.  Which reminds me, I need some new kicks.
Q::Do you know how much information can be dispensed in one minute alone?
A::I didn't find out about this very important staff meeting until...
Q::The middle class black family moves into a white suburban enclave.  The middle class black family moves into a small Southern town that is run by the KKK.  The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter.  The middle class single black father raises his teenage daughter.  The middle class single black mother raises her teenage son.  And so on and so forth.  It's too clean, too antiseptic...
A::...to white?  I still feel all of my scripts would make good shows.
Q::Yo, DeLa, I just got the news from the CNS brass.  They saw some clips from the pilot and they're rushing it onto the air.  Yo, we're a midseason replacement, ordered 12 shows.  We're on in 3 weeks.  Didya hear what I just said, Yo?
A::They didn't even view a rough cut, just some scenes we quickly cut together.
Q::I gots to go, it's my Moms.
A::I want to meet her one day, please tell her the great news.  I'm OUT like Vanilla Ice.
Q::That's the only reason, period. They only want one certain kind of black comic.
A::Another one of your conspiracies to hold ya career back?
Q::You okay?
A::I feel like somebody hit me upside da head with a sledgehammer.
Q::Richmond is not all the way down south.
A::I don't even know why you're still concerned over him.  Daddy's not with you.
Q::Regardless, he still is your father.
A::It's gonna be hard for me to get away with the show taking off.
Q::This is a pretty way to recommend yourself to the family.
A::The man that marries Dorothy Dugan must first kill me -- do you mind that?
Q::Look here, Roderick, my boy; this is silly business.  The girl will marry Best, mark my words; and as sure as she does, you'll forget her.  You are but a boy.  Best is willing to consider you as such.  Dublin's a fine place, and if you have a mind to take a ride thither and see the town for a month, here are twenty guineas at your service.  Make Best an apology, and be off.
A::A man of honor dies, but never apologizes.  I'll see the captain hanged before I apologize.
Q::Mr. O'Higgins, we are in your debt, and rest assured, sir, you have friends in this house whenever you are in Dublin.  Mister O'Higgins, I wonder if I know your good father?
A::Which O'Higgins do you know?  For I have never heard your name mentioned in my family.
Q::I don't know.
A::Your Grace owes me seventy thousand frederics, which I have honorably won.
Q::For whom else have you worked?
A::No one, sir.  Before that I served in the army but had to leave due to weakness of the loins.
Q::Without you, my dearest, I might have died without ever knowing love. Inexpressible love!  God of nature! Bitterness than which nothing is sweeter, sweetness than which nothing is more bitter.  Divine monster which can only be defined by paradoxes.
A::Let me give a thousand kisses to that heavenly mouth which has told me that I am happy.
Q::I hate Miss Clancy, you know I do! And I only danced with her because -- because -- the person with whom I intended to dance chose to be engaged the whole night.
A::I had not been in the room five minutes before I was engaged for every single set.
Q::Was he cheated?
A::In so far as I can tell these things -- no.  I believe the Chevalier won the money fairly.
Q::He is only curious to know who you are.
A::If his love were like mine, he would not permit you to come here.
Q::You shot Childs and Nunez.
A::They would have killed us both. You want me to write a confession, I'll write a confession.
Q::There's no time to think, Ray, we gotta get out of here! You untie me, we grab the guns, get Kendall and Nunez, and make a run for it --
A::No... no, we can just wait till we get back and then tell the M.P.'s --
Q::Levi, I don't know if you're familiar with investigative work, but we have this little thing called "motive" and you just gave yourself one.
A::You said you wanted to know what happened -- I'm telling you the truth.
Q::You tried to pin three stone murders on Dunbar --
A::How many murders did you cover up? One? Five? Maybe an even ten.
Q::Is it the truth?
A::There's that word again.  As I told you, I wasn't in the room when everyone started shooting.
Q::Which gives us about five hours. Why'd you call me?
A::The guy in interrogation said he'd only talk to a cop.
Q::I didn't mean that as a compliment.
A::Sergeant West's served for twenty- three years. He's the public face of the modern Army.
Q::Baseball?
A::I believe somebody owes me ten dollars --
Q::Your phone number?
A::In case you need me to testify about the shooting. They'll clear you.
Q::Pike, please --
A::Although that won't matter much when coupled with the murder charge --
Q::Tell him to shut up --
A::-- failure to comply with this arrest is a court martialable offense in and of itself --
Q::See! The big guy likes it.
A::I just saw the woman I'm going to marry, I know it. But then I lost her.
Q::Tough break. Most men have to get married before they lose their wives.
A::I'm going to spend the rest of my life looking for her. That or die alone.
Q::Why not religion, Dad?
A::It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
Q::I'm sorry.
A::Don't need to apologize to me. I mean, I'm the luckiest person you're going to find today...
Q::I was drying out.
A::I see. We need to get you one of those plant misters. We can spray you like a fern.
Q::Were you and my father having an affair?
A::Wow. Wow, you just said it. I was expecting to dance around this for another half hour.
Q::Hello.
A::I thought you could give us the tour this morning. Sort of be our Indian Guide.
Q::What was that?
A::I asked her if you were happy to see us. I find it hard to tell with you.
Q::They don't blame you. When a bank employee does this they understand. You get your life back. Anyway I bet you hated that bank.
A::Even so I always felt the decision to burst in and rob it very much remained with me.
Q::Excuse me?
A::He left me my passport and ticket. It's pretty clear he wants to see me again.
Q::I think it's my safest bet, don't you?
A::Oh. I think you will recover okay. I think you got what you paid for.
Q::I'm standing most of my day. They're for support.  Didn't see you in church this mornin'.
A::Been on the crop. May need to get some extra hands if I don't want to work on Sundays.
Q::Nothing's gonna happen. Not like everybody over there is in the line of fire with them Arabs blowin' themselves up.
A::Can't be thinkin' bout him every second of my day. I'll go outta my gourd.
Q::I keep the heat on.
A::That damned, rusty, radiator, bout burned the skin off my legs each time I passed.
Q::Gal, you ain't right yet.
A::I'm right enough to stand on my own two feet. Now take this Goddamn chain off...
Q::Wicked little bitch... gonna cut me...
A::You gonna get a lot more a'that, you keep me locked up like this!
Q::See, that girl is in my favor. You heard me, nigga? You fuck with her rough, and you got me to fuck wit.
A::You collar that dog, boy. I ain't gonna hurt nobody. Just wanted to know who she was.
Q::Good. Makin' steaks for supper. I expect you to come.
A::You mean with you and that woman chained to ya radiator?
Q::Thank you.
A::I gotta ask you. Why do you think Laz is keepin' you chained like this?
Q::Didn't know you was workin' here now?
A::I just like dressin' up in these goddamn blue vests.  Your money ticket get shipped today?
Q::Whoa, I knew you were going to say that.  I absolutely anticipated that, Nick.  But I said to myself, Charlie, Charlie, we can move up on this, so go find Nicklaus... He'll be pissed for a moment, but then it'll dawn on him --
A::-- Hey, I got a better chance of being hit by a bus then moving up.
Q::Know her?
A::We can ask someone I used to work with.  A criminal.  Someone I pay money to...
Q::Nick, no one's seen Kobo in three days.  He might not even be in Tokyo.
A::Only one way to find out... Get her up in the morning and put her to bed at night.
Q::Can't make you change your mind?
A::Last time you asked me to come along I nearly got a hole in my head.
Q::I'm sure glad you found us, Sebastian.  What do you think, Mary?
A::I don't think there is another human being in this whole world who would have helped us.
Q::I'd be happy to mention it to him.
A::Be better if I could talk to him in person.  But he's not an easy man to get to.
Q::She was gonna get away.
A::Then let her get away.  I thought you were a pro -- you're supposed to be a fuckin' tracker!
Q::It that mother real?
A::Of course he's not real.  You think I'd be working here if I could afford a real snake?
Q::I wouldn't accept it.  Also, I'd report the person who gave it to me to the police.
A::You have a little boy.  He shows you his butterfly collection, plus the killing jar.
Q::They could clean around the arrangement.
A::I don't like people snooping around my stuff.
Q::Already had I.Q. test this year -- but I don't think I never had a...
A::Reaction time is a factor in this, so please pay attention.  Answer quickly as you can.
Q::Hey, Eve!
A::Have you ever heard the saying, "He hasn't got enough sense to come in out of the rain?"
Q::Yep.  You know, my father -- who is a scientist -- says that everything is a miracle. Everything. Until recently I wasn 't sure what he meant by that.
A::Yeah? No kidding. Listen, you still want to go girl hunting tonight?
Q::Holy Cow! What the heck are these?!
A::Your roller-skates! I redesigned them! I think this new design will work even better!
Q::But, I don't understand.
A::And, I'm asking you to trust me without understanding why.
Q::Why did you park way back there?
A::Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car.
Q::Then I'll need, twelve into nine hundred, seventy-five boxes. And that's almost...five hundred dollars just for the hamburger! And my Mom only gave me three thousand dollars for everything! The yacht batteries! The diesel oil! The birthday candles!
A::You could have a meat order that big delivered to your home.
Q::No!  Not the police!  Don't call them!
A::I have to. If a complaint is made and the person resists obser--
Q::No, I can't have that! They'll come with their cars and their guns and their handcuffs--
A::Calm down, please. This man needs help and you need protection from him. That's obvious.
Q::Alright, I will.
A::I'm busy tomorrow anyway. I have to buy six thousand paper napkins.
Q::Um... Eve?
A::It's not so much what you say but how you say it.  Women like men who are unpredictable.
Q::Wolf One -- say intentions.
A::I've got secondaries of an engine fire and I'll need to find a clear area to eject.
Q::I don't want to talk about it. Everything's okay now. I don't want to talk about it.
A::Sometimes it helps to talk things over. For instance, many marriages are saved by.
Q::Why do you do it?
A::I won't let the bastards get me up against the wall. It's an act of defiance.
Q::Well now Jeffrey, how did you come to get so involved?
A::I can't tell you the whole story. I. I took it upon myself. I can't say more.
Q::An experiment? Hey, I've seen you before.
A::I sprayed your apartment. I took your key. I really didn't mean to do anything but see you.
Q::Don't say that.
A::It's a secret so don't tell anyone. Some day I'll show you where. I've gotta go to sleep now.
Q::Hey, you ivy league shit. COME HERE!
A::Later Mike. I gotta take care of someone who's hurt here, in case you haven't noticed.
Q::Brilliant.
A::Then we'll drive back to her apartment and I will plant myself there.
Q::Jeffrey!!
A::Then these guys told me the police will find a huge amount of drugs inside the dead man's place.
Q::What did he bring him in for?
A::Needed an outsider. The package boy knows everyone. He'd spot our hitters a mile away.
Q::Fuck you.
A::Hey, Augustus, I need your help, I got a serious problem here. I'm not screwing around.
Q::What?
A::Well... what if your boss knew how many guys were supposed to be there... in that room?
Q::No. No man. That's... that's... you don't know what you're talking about. That's bullshit. I know these guys. I mean, thanks for your concern, but that just ain't the thing of it.
A::Do me a favor and roll it around for a bit on your way in.
Q::You little fuck. Let him go. I'll drop you right here.
A::Okay, just calm down. He could hurt us, brother. He could ruin the whole thing.
Q::Mother, is that you?
A::Is that worthless brother of your there? I want you both ta hear this.
Q::What?! What are you doin'?
A::I want ta tell ya one last thing before I pull the trigger.
Q::Well, the light caught the side of his face for a second. And it looked like he had a gray beard, maybe... late fifties, early sixties.
A::So you're telling me it was one guy with six guns? A-and he was a senior fucking citizen?
Q::We're alive.
A::An F.B.I. agent came by the bar. He left me his c-c, he left me his c-c, he left me this.
Q::Oh, Jesus.
A::I gave him his first lesson in sensitivity toward the fairer sex just today.
Q::"What do we tell him about the guns and money?"
A::"We just got up and left. Bum musta rolled them before the police got there."
Q::I knew you two pricks would give me problems. Give me shit cause I'm a woman. I'm not gonna take your male dominance bullshit!
A::Oh, come on now Rozengurtle. I was just tryin' ta get a rise outta ya.
Q::So Duffy, got any theories to go with that... tie.
A::These guys were pros. I think they were coming for one target, the fag man, he was the...
Q::Now, what is this going to look like to those who do not know what I just told you?
A::It's gonna look like the bad guys are killing each other.
Q::What the...?
A::I got it ta my head now. I got it ta my head now.
Q::It's only 11:00 here boys so I got lot's more drinkin' ta do with your worthless relatives down at the Anvil.
A::Just called ta torture us did ya?
Q::You're right.
A::Those who do not act are in a constant state of ethical indecision.
Q::Yes.
A::Do you think they would harm an innocent man, for any reason?
Q::See, that's what I'm saying. It has the logic of a dream.
A::The point is the killer always goes, May I speak to Starsky? He says his name.
Q::He told you and you let him do it.
A::He told me because he wanted to know if I wanted to go.
Q::I'm not. But there's --
A::You can't just run home every time things get tough. First of all, we've got enough dough to --
Q::You think Applejack knew?
A::We haven't heard from Applejack since he got out of the hospital. His case got dismissed.
Q::What the fuck is Dignan doing with that cop? He loves them.
A::There's a million places to hide around here.
Q::Why don't you just tell them the truth. Those belong to my neighbor Phil.
A::I don't know. I personally don't need that shit in my life right now.
Q::Anthony, I --
A::And if Future Man doesn't get let out of jail in 48 hours, then we go back. All right?
Q::Just settling an old score. You might say revenge.
A::That sounds like a lot of bullshit that'll land us in jail.
Q::That could be anybody's.
A::They also found my two beam scale in the garage.
Q::Since when is it a crime to have a scale in your house? Everybody has a scale.
A::The cops say it's a special kind of scale drug dealers use in selling marijuana.
Q::Right. It was extremely stupid.
A::I don't expect an apology and I don't even want one. I just want us to --
Q::I know, Bob. You were on a secret mission.
A::I'd appreciate it if you didn't go around telling people lies about me.
Q::Excuse me.
A::We were throwing money at him. Throwing it at him and asking him to keep it dark.
Q::Berlin!
A::I've already got a team there. I doubt Bourne's in Naples to settle down and raise a family.
Q::I'm not a traitor. I've served my ountry.
A::And pocketed a fair amount of change while doing it.
Q::-- what? --
A::-- take the back -- get another car --
Q::So...
A::It's wrong. Guy with a rental car and hundred dollar sneakers sleeps in a tent?
Q::Say it.
A::Last week an Agency field officer went to make a buy from a Russian national.
Q::It's a lot of money, Pam.
A::We're talking raw, unprocessed KGB files. It's not something we can go out and comparison shop.
Q::Do we know what this says?
A::Yup...  The main word there, the file heading, translates as: Treadstone.
Q::What it means in England -- and in Scotland too -- is that rebels have forfeited their lands. We were ambushed last night. But the Scots dragged their dead away.
A::My brother and nephew perished two days ago, when their hay cart turned over.
Q::Young Robert, we are honored --
A::My father hears that Longshanks has granted prima noctes.
Q::His legend grows! It will be worse than before!
A::You let Wallace escape your whole army. You cannot blame me for this.
Q::They're English soldiers, ain't they?
A::With your father and brother gone, they'll kill us and burn the farm!
Q::We must have alliance with England to prevail here. You achieved that! You saved your family, increased your lands! In time you will have all the power in Scotland!... Yet you grieve.
A::In my heart I had begun to hope that he would never break.
Q::Treason. Against whom?
A::Against thy king, thou vile fool! Hast thou anything to say?
Q::Tonight then.
A::My parents are growing suspicious! I can't keep meeting you every night!
Q::Mrs. Treborn! I need to speak with you!
A::I'm sorry, but can it wait til tonight? I'm already late for work --
Q::I can't believe Tommy's still pissed at me. He knows I'm moving away, right?
A::He's been acting real strange lately. He won't even look me in the eyes anymore.
Q::So how's Tommy?
A::They kept him in juvy for a few years. Now he works over at Dale's Autobody.
Q::I know, but...
A::Is that why you came all the way back? To ask a lot of stupid questions about Robin Hood?
Q::It's my fault. I should have told you he was released a few weeks ago.
A::Might'a been nice.  Like this is gonna do any good. Maybe one of the frat guys has a gun.
Q::I can't put my finger on it, but everything's a bit off. Even the dinner tonight. It was beautiful, but...
A::I know I've been actin strange lately. It's just that... I don't want anything to happen to us.
Q::I'm the only person you've told? That's a great line. Does that make other girls swoon? Do they actually eat up this bullshit?
A::I couldn't give a shit if you believe me or not, and frankly I'm too tired to prove it to you.
Q::Oh? There's proof now?
A::Shit. I dunno. How would I know about the twin moles on your inner thigh?
Q::Are you okay? You looked like you were somewhere else for a second there.
A::Look, Jason, I need some fast answers if I'm ever gonna fix what I've done.
Q::Remember, everyone! Only two weeks until your science projects are due.
A::I still owe you an essay from last week. Is there any way I could get an extension?
Q::Are you sure you even packed it?
A::My mom packed for me. I think she sent everything I ever owned. So we'll see.
Q::Destroy it?
A::If I hadn't blown my arms off, Mom never woulda started smoking in the first place. Now shhhh.
Q::I did what you said, man! We're pooling our student funds with Hillel House and we're going to have an Awareness Dance.
A::Oh goody, nothing like spinning my chair around to a techno mix of Hava Nagila til I puke.
Q::I recognize you from the news photographs, Monsieur Laszlo.
A::In a concentration camp, one is apt to lose a little weight.
Q::Oh, two weeks, maybe three.
A::Maybe I won't have to. A bribe has worked before. In the meantime, everybody stays on salary.
Q::Yes, I come.
A::I want you to turn out the light in the rear entrance. It might attract the police.
Q::Mademoiselle, after this disturbance it is not safe for Laszlo to stay in Casablanca.
A::This morning you implied it was not safe for him to leave Casablanca.
Q::Uh huh. Under a safe conduct from me.
A::What value is that? You may recall what German guarantees have been worth in the past.
Q::I don't know the finish yet.
A::Well, go on, tell it. Maybe one will come to you as you go along.
Q::Your unexpected visit isn't connected by any chance with the letters of transit? It seems that as long as I have those letters I'll never be lonely.
A::You can ask any price you want, but you must give me those letters.
Q::We'll always have Paris. We didn't have, we'd lost it, until you came to Casablanca. We got it back last night.
A::And I said I would never leave you.
Q::I'll raise it to two hundred thousand.
A::My friend, you could make it a million francs, or three, my answer would still be the same.
Q::No. It's all arranged.
A::Good. I've got the letters right here, all made out in blank.
Q::I've never accepted that privilege, and I'm now on French soil.
A::I should like to discuss some matters arising from your presence on French soil.
Q::As to Laszlo, we want him watched twenty-four hours a day.
A::It may interest you to know that at this very moment he is on his way here.
Q::Hello, Louis.
A::How extravagant you are, throwing away women like that. Someday they may be scarce.
Q::It doesn't matter. There is no exit visa for him.
A::Louis, whatever gave you the impression that I might be interested in helping Laszlo escape?
Q::You know, this place will never be the same without you, Ricky.
A::Yes, I know what you mean, but I've already spoken to Ferrari. You'll still win at roulette.
Q::He'll double what I pay you.
A::Yeah, but I ain't got time to spend the money I make here.
Q::What are you doing?
A::Can't kill another one.  Can't.  Can't kill my friends anymore.
Q::Hey, look at you.
A::I figure, if we could take care of a puppy, we could, you know, take care of --
Q::You hated being alone.  Couldn't stand it.  Busy every minute.  Always plugged into something.
A::I didn't know what really being alone was.  No one back here does.
Q::When's the next Jumbo?
A::The regular flight is scheduled for oh three hundred tomorrow.
Q::It's not ergot, it's not pituitary extract, it's not oil of rue...
A::It claims to restore monthly regularity.
Q::Shouldn't we tell Homer?
A::If Homer wanted to know what was happening here, he could pick up a telephone and call us.
Q::I know.
A::He's going to be dropping bombs on Mandalay! They're going to be shooting at him!
Q::And now that Wally's coming back, and because he'll certainly *need* you...
A::You say that as though it's some awful thing!  I never stopped loving Wally!
Q::I'm okay--I can walk.
A::I don't want you to walk--I want to carry you. Should I put the top up? It might get cold.
Q::Or that he can't be bothered to write us a proper letter? A dissertation on apples, we don't need!
A::He probably doesn't make much money picking apples--he must have had to pay to send them, too.
Q::At what altitude?
A::I've got thirty-five minutes to climb to fifteen thousand feet--that's the first mountain pass.
Q::Thanks, guys... I'd like to go with you. But I've got to move on.
A::Yeah, well... you could move on with *us*, man! You could move on somewhere *warm*!
Q::You can't think that a man who has *served* under such conditions as exist over there will be in the slightest daunted by a little *snow*-- have you no idea how harsh and primitive and full of *disease* that part of the world is?
A::Then I suppose we can look forward to catching various diseases from him!
Q::Don't let us make you nervous or nothin'--we know you gotta job to do.
A::Yeah, we can wait all night for the water to come back on--you just go on and take your time.
Q::Here's where a little research comes in handy. Corporate banks give out VP titles like calendars. It's a small lie, but now we're sure he's playing.
A::Maybe you can help us understand what's so hard about getting a corporate loan.
Q::Well, typically speaking, they're not. As long as you can demonstrate --
A::A capacity for gross fund recovery. Yeah, we got that part.
Q::Banks need to know how they're going to get their money back.
A::We know exactly how we're going to make the money back. There in lies the Catch-
Q::It can erase all those things about you that you wish didn't exist.
A::It's Alfonse. I want to settle up. I haven't been ducking you. I told you I'd get it.
Q::Oh, Jake. You disappoint me. And you just let Lily here down again. What was it you said about playing the big con?
A::It's like putting on a play, where everyone knows their part except for the mark.
Q::Look at you, you skinny prick.
A::You're not going to bust out baby oil and start rubbing me down or anything, are you?
Q::Don't get me wrong, Jake. I like you boys. You guys are the steadiest business in town. But what can I say? Twenty percent's still better than what we give to any of the other criminals.
A::All the shit we pulled with you and you're trying to shake us down? You guys got sack.
Q::What about... The money?
A::What about this situation makes you think I can answer that question right now?
Q::We had to see what your deal was. I'm just a little superstitious.
A::Here's my deal -- Don't waste my time. What do you want me for anyway? You don't even know me.
Q::Sorry. What?
A::HE GOT CAUGHT! Your boss tried to pull a switch and he got us all fucking pinched!
Q::Do you have any idea what those monks charge for that medieval torture?
A::We got a good thing going here. You want to blow it over an overbite?
Q::This isn't South Africa. We'd know, because someone would report it. Believe me, someone always does.
A::Does know? Or does report? What would happen if I knew something like that and didn't report it?
Q::But you can't explode in the bomb bay. It's foolish. You'll kill us all. There's no reason for it.
A::I am programmed to detonate in nine minutes. Detonation will occur at the programmed time.
Q::Why don't you have more time?
A::Because I must detonate in seventy- five seconds.
Q::So you have no absolute proof that Sergeant Pinback ordered you to detonate.
A::I recall distinctly the detonation order. My memory is good on matters like these.
Q::Yes, of course you remember it, but what you are remembering is merely a series of electrical impulses which you now realize have no necessary connection with outside reality.
A::True, but since this is so, I have no proof that you are really telling me all this.
Q::Or we can work on your face with a pair of pliers for a couple of hours and you tell us where she is.
A::Or we could go another way 'cause your boss seems to like my face just the way it is.
Q::No...
A::Then how come last night I heard you talking to Logan and you were crying?
Q::Personally, I'm more interested in going fast on my motorcycle or climbing the Trans American building with my pals. Instead of giving myself a headache over stuff I can't do anything about.
A::You accept the way things are, you're an active participant in making it worse.
Q::Not that I don't enjoy a good urban legend now and then but what does any of this have to do with me?
A::The bar code on your neck, Max.  I know who you are and I know who you're running from.
Q::These girls, kidnapped during the last month and sold overseas to the highest bidder.  The oldest is twelve.  The youngest about the same age you were when you escaped.
A::And I feel real bad about all that but it doesn't mean I need to get involved.
Q::But she does work here?
A::She may be easy on the eyes but she's trouble, trust me.  Hot run to two-oh-two Sansomme.
Q::What do you want?
A::To set the record straight about where he was the other night when he said he was working late.
Q::She was a nurse.  She must've lived near there, somewhere, near the...  ...the clinic.  There must be some registry of nurses or medical technicians or whatever for Wyoming.
A::Only a last name would be nice.  Or the nearest town to this...clinic.
Q::Really?
A::Hear me out.  This person I've been seeing is a Jam Pony client who happens to be married--
Q::Fight fire with fire.  Threaten to go to her husband.
A::Who either doesn't care, or could have me killed.  Either way, Natalie's still gonna find out.
Q::Whoa. Some of this hard liquor's a tad too manly for me. I'm a brewski man myself.
A::Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't want to give you whiskey dick would we?
Q::Sure, I have. But not one with ice in it, that's all.
A::Save your money, stud muffin. The lady at the end of the bar sends her love.
Q::Whoa... she just farted.
A::I have never heard a girl squeeze cheese in my entire life.
Q::Uh... dudes?
A::Now there's a woman who totally abuses the privilege of motherhood.
Q::Oh, I... have those too.  What kind of problems does your dad have?
A::He stabbed my mom four times in the chest.
Q::So when you sleepwalk, can you remember afterward? Like, do you dream?
A::No. I just wake up and I look around, try to figure out where I am... how I got there.
Q::No... apparently they can't tell us what happened yet. Something about a matching serial number that got burned.  But I had to sign a form saying I wouldn't talk to anyone about it.
A::So we're not supposed to tell anybody what nobody knows?
Q::And how do they do this? They FLOOD the house... by breaking through the water main!
A::This meeting of the PTA was called to inform the parents of our ongoing investigation...
Q::Amber...
A::No, don't say it. Another stray bullet to the head.
Q::Oh, there's a parking space over there. Oh, no, that's just a compact. Sorry.
A::You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
Q::It's a two-hundred dollar fine!
A::I said I'd move if a cripple came. Let's just run in the store and pick out some outfits.
Q::Oh, I almost forgot...  I got my acceptance to Tokyo University.
A::What, you deaf? I say shut up -- shut up -- SHUT UP!  Cut her outta this!
Q::You haven't been still a moment since you've been here.  You act as if you had neurosis --
A::I no gotta new-rosis.  My uncle he's- a got a flower shop -- he's-a gotta new-rosis.
Q::You get half mine and I get half yours.
A::I don't want to buy ammunition -- we no gotta war.
Q::You've got a brain after all - and how you get along without it is amazing to me -- Now, who can I insult?...  Who do we owe money to?...  AMBASSADOR TRENTINO!  How about him?
A::He's-a very easy to insult --  I say something to his niece once, and he slapped my face.
Q::I'm glad I didn't ask you for "Washington Crossing the Delaware".
A::We've gotta have somebody who knows how to get secrets from men.  You know how to make love?
Q::Well, we'll let that one go.  Now -- how many battalions you got?
A::We gotta two battalions and one Frenchman.
Q::How'm I doing, boss?
A::Fine - keep on yelling - Do everything you can to disturb Firefly - Now what about your cousin?
Q::Are you getting tired?
A::Not at all.  When I was a boy back on the farm I used to pump my own water.
Q::Why, that's the speech that Lincoln made at Gettysburg...
A::He did?... I told my son not to leave it laying around... Where is son?
Q::Never mind that, I want my man!
A::He's still very sick. Please come downstairs with me. I'll explain the situation.
Q::Pull the other one, why don't you! We made a deal!
A::I know what you've done to him and he's never going back to that.
Q::I want him back!
A::So you can beat him? So you can starve him? A dog in the street would fare better with you!
Q::What are your plans then, Treves... You are aware that the London does not accept incurables. The rules are quite clear on that point.
A::Yes, I'm well aware of that. But this case is quite exceptional.
Q::Fair Katharine, and most fair, will you vouchsafe to teach a soldier terms Such as will enter at a lady's ear And plead his love-suit to her gentle heart?
A::Your majesty shall mock at me; I cannot speak your England.
Q::An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel.
A::O bon Dieu! les langues des hommes sont pleines de tramperies.
Q::What say you, fair one? That the tongues of men are full of deceits?
A::Oui, dat de tongues of de mans is be full of deceits.
Q::The cathedral is coming along nicely.
A::Yes, soon I will start the main spire, but I must finish these columns first, How kind of her!
Q::It's your fantasy...
A::But one day I'll catch you... Like I caught her...
Q::LOKI! Where did YOU come from?
A::Halfdan wanted to stop you waking the Gods... so... I disguised myself to sabotage their plans.
Q::Have you done this sort of thing before?
A::Me? Of course! I've been looting and pillaging up and down the coast.
Q::I don't suppose you... you DO like me at all?
A::What d'you expect? You come in here, burn my village, kill my family and try to rape me...
Q::Oh well -- you've GOT to do them.
A::Why? Why have you got to go round killing and looting?
Q::What?
A::We toil and labor, we loot and pillage, rape and kill... and yet...
Q::You mean we'd be dead?
A::No! We'd be the first living men to set foot in the Halls of the Gods.
Q::Row!
A::Has anyone told him we've got a dragon eating our boat?
Q::You're wasting your time.
A::Listen. I've been in this dump for sixteen years and I haven't made a single convert...
Q::You've lost your mind.
A::We came to stop you waking the Gods, Erik! But I didn't want anyone to get hurt!
Q::Thanks.
A::Drink up, young man. It'll make the whole seduction part less repugnant.
Q::But I think I am. I like to think I am.
A::It's helpful to think there's some order to things. You're kind of closed mouthed, aren't you?
Q::A wino? Jesus, Are you from the fifties? A wino!  Face it, Joel. You're freaked out because I was out late without you, and in your little wormy brain, you're trying to figure out, did she fuck someone tonight?
A::No, see, Clem, I assume you fucked someone tonight. Isn't that how you get people to like you?
Q::Joel!
A::I don't like it either, but I'm just trying to find horrible secret place to --
Q::I know.
A::It would be different, if we could just give it another go around.
Q::Well, sounds like me. Sorry, man.  Says you were jealous and suspicious.
A::Says you would sometimes disappear all night, then brag to me about your sexual conquests.
Q::Doesn't sound like me.
A::Says you were a slob, leaving trails of panties and dirty socks in your wake.
Q::I probably got the same thing as you.
A::I mean, I haven't even told anyone I've met you. Who would even know to do this?
Q::How's it going?
A::Good. I called you at work today. They said you were home sick.
Q::So you think the dissertation will get published?
A::I don't know. I'm not sure there's a big public demand for books on Calvinism and Misogyny.
Q::I swear.
A::And you never even suspected? Never saw us behaving in any unusual way together?
Q::And after that?
A::I never saw you together like that again. So I figured I was imagining things.
Q::Thanks.  So... do we talk about this... or what?
A::I don't know what I'm supposed say, Mary. I want to do the right thing here.
Q::Hell no, the cranes are wonderful, okay, but I'm not in this for whooping cranes. I'm in it for cowgirls. If we cowgirls give in to authority on this crane issue, then cowgirls become just another compromise. I want a finer fate than that -- for me and for every other cowgirl. Better no cowgirls at all than cowgirls compromised.
A::How did this business get started, anyhow? Why are the birds nesting here?
Q::You still need the rope? I thought you were one a those spacemen with ice in ya veins.
A::I'd rather be on the rope and not need it than need it and not have it. Now step aside, old man.
Q::From what?
A::You're convinced the crew could still be alive? After seven years?
Q::It's holding... She's holding...!
A::We're still venting trace gasses, gimme twenty minutes to plug the hole.
Q::Incredible... These are the same coordinates before the ship disappeared... this, this happened? This isn't some kind of hoax?
A::I wouldn't bring you here on a hoax. Houston confirms the telemetry and I.D. codes.
Q::I want our best people on this. Where's Miller?
A::The Lewis and Clark just returned from patrol in the asteroid belt, she's docked in bay four.
Q::That's the engineering containment. And there's the main airlock. We can dock there.
A::Smith, use the arm and lock us onto that antennae cluster.
Q::Yes.
A::One of my men is down. I want to know what happened to him.
Q::I want this room sealed. The Second Containment is off limits.
A::There's no danger. The black hole is contained behind three magnetic fields, it's under control.
Q::Is that your "expert opinion?" The only answer we've had out of you is "I don't know."
A::Justin just tried to kill himself. The man is clearly insane.
Q::Who?
A::Dr. Weir, you were right there, you must have heard something, seen something...
Q::About an hour ago. In medical. I saw my son. He was lying on one of the examination tables and his legs were... 
A::Isn't it possible that you were traumatized by finding the body on the bridge?
Q::What?
A::It still has air and reserve power, we can activate gravity and life support.
Q::What if the air has gone bad? We can't wear these suits forever.
A::I don't think this is a good idea, we don't even know what happened on that ship...
Q::You know, you could'a run an ad in the personals.
A::"Sensual blind chick seeks three- ton, rock-hard he-man for deep spiritual relationship."
Q::Reed said it'd be weeks till --
A::He also said we'd avoid that storm in space. And we know how that turned out.
Q::Yeah, well, his eyes say different.
A::Hey, two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either.
Q::I don't really know. A compound organic-metallic alloy. Stronger than titanium or carbon steel. Harder than diamonds --
A::Like the shields Reed said would protect us.  How long?
Q::Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde--
A::What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot...
Q::Wait. You mean there's chance we could be full-on-24-7-fantastic?
A::Grow up, Johnny. You want to run around on fire for the rest of your life?
Q::How's the IPO?
A::Stable. We're looking at low twenties. It's a good number, considering the fallout from --
Q::It has to be the cloud. It's fundamentally altered our DNA.
A::Let's not jump to conclusions, we need a massive amount of evidence before making that leap.
Q::I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you?
A::Not much. We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage.
Q::Didn't go as planned? It was a catastrophe. You ruined the lives of four people --
A::I ruined? With all due respect, I told you to abort --
Q::Abort? Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will not let you make me look like a fool --
A::Victor, if we could understand what happened to us --
Q::You said it was urgent.
A::It is. There's something we need to talk about. Something I need to ask you...
Q::Man, I don't even want to see those guys from Carl's again.
A::If you'd apologize I think Dennis would take you back.
Q::Well, that's exactly why I brought some Wisk for the jacuzzi.
A::O-kay, you guys can come swimming. But you have to leave as soon as my Mom gets home. Okay?
Q::Does Doug care that you're seventeen?
A::Doug sees beyond that stuff to what the person inside is like. That's why I'm marrying him.
Q::It couldn't be.
A::It could be. I had a pregnancy test at the clinic. I'll find out Monday. I guess it was Damone.
Q::Not coming? What happened?
A::He says he's got to stay in Chicago.  He says I should visit him sometimes.
Q::Dartmouth?!
A::I didn't tell anyone I applied cause I never thought I'd make it.
Q::You better save some for me, you swine!
A::And you, my friend. I'll see you for a two-hour detention every afternoon this week.
Q::Well, you'll find out next year.
A::No way, mon. When I graduate U.S. history I ain't even coming over to your side of the building.
Q::You keep them.
A::We keep them, in case the people come back.
Q::I had a really nice time tonight.
A::Me, too. I'm real sorry someone broke in and stole your tape deck.
Q::Yeah? About fifty people I didn't know wrote that in my annual.
A::I know everybody says it, but I really mean it.
Q::I'm a whiskey man myself. We don't have much trouble from drugs where I come from...
A::You will. One of these nights you'll wake up and find a junkie tearing your bedroom apart.
Q::Hell, I really hate to hear this. Because everything that happens in California seems to get down our way, sooner or later. Mostly Atlanta. But that was back when the goddamn bastards were peaceful. All we had to do was to keep 'em under surveillance. They didn't roam around much... But now Jesus, it seems nobody's safe.
A::You're going to need to take the bull by the horns -- go to the mat with this scum.
Q::I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo. And somebody was giving booze to these goddamn things! It won't be long before they tear us to shreds!
A::If you think we're in trouble now wait until you see what's happening in the elevators.
Q::I want to leave fast.
A::OK. Lets pay this bill and get up very slowly. It's going to be a long walk. 
Q::That dirty bastard! I knew it! He's got hold of my woman!
A::That little blonde groupie with the film crew? You think he sodomized her?
Q::Where'd you get that knife?
A::Room service sent it up. I wanted something to cut the limes.
Q::Sometimes it's easier to just rip out the backstraps.
A::They'll fight like hell if you try to take the head without the dogs.
Q::Alright, Alice... you'll be contacted by Inspector Rock. Arthur Rock. He'll be posing as a politician.
A::Inspector Rock will pay you. In cash. A thousand dollars on the ninth of every month.
Q::Fuck the car. They should make these things with a goddamn FM radio.
A::Yeh... This foreign made crap -- is sucking our dollar balance dry!
Q::I was stupid with shock -- not knowing whether to run or start laughing.
A::How much is the lemon meringue pie?
Q::Not my jurisdiction. The city limits are two point two miles beyond the rest area. Can you make it that far?
A::I'll try. I've been wanting to go to Baker for a long time. I've heard a lot about it.
Q::We'll meet in three hours?
A::I don't wanna go home alone... I don't wanna see what might have...
Q::If there is only one way out for us, there is only one way in for them.
A::Make a distraction out front and go for it out the back. There's cars back there, right?
Q::Come on, it's just what you need! Let everyone see you. Talk to them, live it up!
A::But we've been at it since six this morning. At least you could've let me go home and change.
Q::What's up?
A::I hear you're meeting with the studio lawyers to get out of your contract.
Q::Well, Harry York is a guy who... well, he does a lot of things. Why do you ask?
A::He talked to me today. Told me to keep my mouth shut or I'd get everybody in trouble.
Q::Dad, here! You don't have to stop, just slow down. You can tell Mama I jumped out. She knows that's the kind of thing I'd do. She won't blame you.
A::But I gave her my word. Besides, she's still your legal guardian. My hands are tied.
Q::Is that why you did it?
A::Who ever thought they'd be right for once? Jesus, Harry... it's a zoo back there --
Q::Evening, gorgeous.
A::That sure looks like fun...  You know how long it's been since I was behind the wheel?
Q::Where are we, mean man?
A::Couple hours from Idaho. We'll cut across to Montana. I've got friends there with a ranch.
Q::Yeah, I know what that's like... Where you been?
A::Well, I was picking fruit with some migrant workers until...
Q::It isn't in your hands, Mama. It's my life.
A::Yes, but important people are concerned about this. Judge Hillier spoke to Alma Styles --
Q::I'm not cured. I was never sick! They had no business putting me in there! My only responsibility is to myself now!
A::You... you selfish, selfish child. At least talk to him, hear what he has to say.
Q::No... What I mean is... I'm just very excited by the prospect of getting on with my life, that's all.
A::Do you really believe your mother's trying to kill you?
Q::More to the point, why am I here? What did you want with me?  What does one say to one's Maker, having finally met him face to face? Milton gave it voice.  Did I request thee, Maker, from my clay to mould me Man? Did I solicit thee from Darkness to promote me?
A::Fine words from a child killer. You who murdered my brother.
Q::Must've been a terrible row.
A::He was almost expelled for calling one of his professors a "pompous...  Fellow..."
Q::What does it say?
A::Let this locket be a token of the vow we took the night I left.  He's coming home to marry me.
Q::Captain, I implore you. The men are frightened and angry. They want your assurance.
A::They knew the risks when they signed on. I've come too far to turn back now.
Q::They just caught the man who did it.
A::He was a frightened soul who acted out of fear and ignorance.
Q::How much longer?
A::Few months perhaps. I'm gathering the raw materials even now.
Q::I have always loved him.
A::Is it also not true that you murdered his brother William in a misdirected crime of passion?
Q::It is a thrilling direction to explore. Thrilling and dangerous.  Nature can be wonderful and terrible. Science is not a realm for the reckless; it needs a conscience. We must proceed cautiously. Assess as we go.  What I do on my own time is my own business. The same holds true for you. You wish to expand your mind? Fine, do so. You can even join me here, if you like. But not at the expense of your normal studies.
A::I doubt that decision is still mine to make.
Q::I heard.
A::I can't say I blame them. We're trapped in this ice and bedeviled by some sort of... creature.
Q::Alice? The others show up?
A::Everybody except the girl who's supposed to handle the kitchen. Annie.
Q::Sure.
A::I'm gonna go lie down and catch some z's. Today wiped me out.  Thanks, Alice.
Q::It's beautiful...
A::Yeah, and it also look like it hasn't seen a coat of paint in six years.
Q::I have six new counsellor up there. They're all babes in the woods in every sense of the word.
A::They'll be okay if they know enough to stay in outta the rain.
Q::Oh, Seth, how can I ever make it up to you?
A::You can't, but fifteen percent instead of thirty for my stay at El Ray is a good start.
Q::What about Kate?
A::They're gonna kill her anyway. At least now with all these cops we've got a fighting chance.
Q::Died instantly?
A::Not quite. She was trapped in the wreck for about six hours before she passed on.
Q::You all are gonna fuckin' die! I'm gonna fuckin' kill every last one of you godless pieces of shit!
A::You bet your sweet ass you are, and I'm gonna help you do it. But we ain't got much time.
Q::It's the bitterest of pills.
A::You two ought to start a stand-up act, because you're just wasting your humor on me.
Q::Dad, when I called the machine to check our messages there was one from Bethel Baptist. Mr. Franklin said he wouldn't permanently replace you until we came back. He said when we come home, if you still feel the same way --
A::That's very nice of Ted, but I'll call him tomorrow and tell him not to bother waiting.
Q::Should I use the last bullets on us?
A::You use 'em on the first couple of these parasites that try to bite you.
Q::-- see this, television!
A::Feel this, real wood paneling. That's real wood, too, not that fake stuff.
Q::Yes, it does, Kelly. We have already alerted the Mexican authorities. They intend to cooperate every way possible in bringing these fugitives to justice.
A::Are you optimistic about the safety of the hostage they took in Abilene, Gloria Hill?
Q::Awww, it's just been a shitass day. Every inch of it hot and miserable. First off, Nadine at the Blue Chip got some sorta sick, so that Mongoloid boy of hers was workin' the grill. That fuckin' idiot don't know rat shit from Rice Krispies. I ate breakfast at nine, was pukin' up pigs in a blanket like a sick dog by ten thirty.
A::Isn't there a law or something against retards serving food to the public?
Q::Are you tellin' me I'm not good enough to drink here?
A::This bar is for bikers and truckers only.  You, get out!
Q::Yeah, I saw the border. Through binoculars from on top of a high building. That's about as close as I risked getting. What's the TV say?
A::They're going to apprehend us in forty-eight hours.
Q::Yeah, explain it to me. I need an explanation. What's the matter with you?
A::There's nothing wrong with me, brother. That woman tried to escape and I did what I had to do.
Q::Commander, are you of the habit of letting photographers traipse around your base snappin' their fill? These were supposed to have been discreet test cases --
A::Senator, they stand out on the public highway with telephoto lenses --
Q::Think I overplayed it?
A::Congress and the Pentagon share a lot of plumbing.  They'll never know whose leak it is.
Q::You don't think she'd be raped if she were captured?  You don't think the threat of rape would be used to leverage the men?
A::You broke a dozen training rules back there -- before I lost count.
Q::I've been trying you for five days. Don't they give you messages?
A::It's hard to find time to sleep, Royce.  Much less keep up with my phone life.
Q::You know, Royce, I got enough heat on me without you turning up the jets, too.
A::I'm only trying to warn you in case --
Q::Are you hungry?  What's your favorite food?  We'll try to get it for you.
A::Green Eggs and Ham.  You're not going to get anywhere.  You might as well put me in the cage.
Q::I take it this file is still open.
A::Even tough I don't talk to her every day -- I still talk to her every day.  Know what I mean?
Q::Yeah. Why are you asking?
A::I just saw him. He's with a bunch of guys who want to sneak into the city tonight.
Q::Cut uptown, take 8th to 57th then cut up Broadway.
A::You're crazy, go to the east side and take the park avenue to the JFK.
Q::And you think this creature is one of them?
A::Yes. The first of its kind. I found this blood sample earlier this evening...
Q::The network is on an intranet. It's a direct feed into our computer system.
A::Your station won't have any easier time contacting the military than I did.
Q::But there's no animal in the world that can make prints like that? Is there?
A::We're hoping you're going to help us figure that out.
Q::Somebody must have seen it.
A::It happened so fast no one knew what hit them 'til is was over.
Q::I'm glad you asked... To me the most important qualities of a Galaxy Explorer are loyalty...
A::... to camera center no matter whose shot you're blocking...
Q::He's a twit!
A::Oh, and did you hear he booked another fan appearance without us?
Q::... Yes?
A::We accidently traded Vox units when we bumped into each other on Saturday.
Q::A few fans built a little set in their garage.  .  I come in for an hour at most. It's a nothing.
A::How much of a nothing? Not enough to split five ways kind of a nothing?
Q::I heard it too.
A::Is this really the most important thing we could be talking about right now?
Q::Commander... Welcome to the Protector II.  Would you like to don your uniform?
A::Mind If we skip that?  I have to get back pretty quick for this thing in Van Nuys.
Q::Hold course, Laredo!
A::I'm trying Commander... Everything's a blur, but as long as I stay locked to that vox signal...
Q::Lieutenant Lathe, I confess I am beginning to feel a bit foolish myself. Chasing across the universe to obtain what is, I am now certain, a bauble of fiction. Tell me how best to obliterate this vessel? I would like nothing to remain.
A::The core could be hardwired to overload without much effort.
Q::We're in bad shape, Benedict, moral is low.  Before I can do anything, I need Lee and his seven thousand troops.  I've ordered him to join us three times.  In my last letter I all but begged him to come here. The man is insubordinate.
A::The man's waiting for you to get wiped off the stage so he can become commander and chief.
Q::Negroes?  Washington has black men in his army?  Are they good fighters?  What's that red ribbon on his arm, Colonel?
A::Because they have hardly any uniforms, they designate officers with colored ribbons.  My lord.
Q::I'm so inclined.
A::Well, sir, then is it possible you called us all here just to hear what you wanted to hear.
Q::They're among the best divisions the British have.  No conscripts, no impressed recruits, just professional killers.
A::It's a wonder they find the British cause worth dying for.
Q::What is this?
A::Congress has informed the army that it is bankrupt and cannot pay the soldiers pensions.
Q::Any word from Canada?
A::Spies from Quebec confirm that the British are sending an entire fleet down Lake Champlain...
Q::George, I'm afraid if you go through with this madness I must tender my resignation as your aide. I see where we're headed, you're putting your trust in the likes of Hamilton and Arnold...
A::How many generals do we have like Arnold?  He's got guts -- he's vain, and he fights!
Q::It's another demonstration against the king.  This is the wildest yet.
A::My God, these people mean to go to war!  They really mean it.
Q::What the hell are we doing?
A::You've got to stop them here or our whole line will cave-in!  It's all right boys, I'm here!
Q::My daughter, I ask only...
A::This, this is life indeed!  Life worth preserving, Such life as Juba never felt till now.
Q::Hell, why not just shoot her? Why not shoot everybody. Fuckin' shoot me. Shoot the fuckin' president?
A::Don't fade on me now, Bear. Not unless you wanna hold Farrah on your lap in a room fulla felons.
Q::You gave him the money?
A::I gave him a key to a locker that had the money in it.
Q::How'd you get in here?
A::I told them I was you. I acted stupid and they believed me.
Q::Something shouldn't be there.
A::Why don't you get the attendant to open all the lockers and take a look. Maybe you'll find it.
Q::I want you to.
A::You gonna get rough now, threaten me? I make good by tomorrow or get my legs broken?
Q::One of his best parts.
A::No, his best part was the cripple gay guy that climbed Mt. Whitney.
Q::Is he giving you a check or cash?
A::Cash. It happens to be waiting right at this moment in a locker at the airport.
Q::I wanted to come by, apologize for coming into your house like I did last night.
A::Lemme get this straight, you broke in again to apologize for breaking in before?
Q::No, no... you left the patio door open. You gotta stop doin' that, all the nice things you got around here.
A::Yeah, well make sure you lock it on the way out.
Q::I got you a copy of the script.
A::I already read it. Harry left a copy at the house.
Q::How you gonna do that? You don't know shit about making movies.
A::I don't think the producer has to do much, outside of maybe knowing a writer.
Q::All these camera moves and weird angles and shit are gonna distance us from the emotion of the scene.
A::What 'emotion'? Girl just got stabbed in the ear with an ice pick.
Q::Harry -
A::Man's in town two days, thinks he's David O. fucking Selznick.
Q::Passenger vessel "Chimera." I will spell: charlie hotel india mary echo romeo alpha. No registry information is available at this time. I have determined to the best of my ability that the vessel has been abandoned on the high seas at position one seven four west, five seven north at...  Two zero one four hours zulu time. Over.
A::Affirmative, Arctic Warrior. Please advise your salvage authority pending registry check. Over.
Q::Where's his boat, then? Where's his crew? He ain't gonna be out here by himself, that's for damn sure.
A::She's so big somebody could come alongside her on the other side and we'd never know it.
Q::What other choices have we got?
A::I tell you one thing, we're not gonna be towing no ship now.
Q::What about running number two by itself?
A::It's a full 2500 horses down. We couldn't drag that boat down hill on ice with it.
Q::How long, then?
A::I gotta pull the blades and re-seat everything in a new rotor -- .
Q::So what're we gonna do. That's the big question, right?
A::A salvage claim to a vessel's cargo's as valid as a claim to the vessel itself. It's ours.
Q::If somebody's aboard her already, she ain't ours. She's theirs.
A::Bullshit. That boat hasn't made steam for fifty years. We found her. She's ours.
Q::Can't you use something else?
A::I might be able to find something on the ship. But it's gonna take time.
Q::What the fuck -- ?
A::You didn't want us calling anybody. Too liable to ruin your big payday.
Q::What the hell happened!
A::Turbine chamber on number two must've blown! Took out part of the hull!
Q::The law's on our side. If they want to challenge it, let them try.
A::They must've scuttled it. Nobody just lets a ship float away.
Q::He needs a doctor.
A::I'll call us in. Dodge, see how many signal flares you can scrounge up.  Keep an eye on him.
Q::You're saying they mutinied for the gold?
A::If they were close enough to shore, they probably figured they could get away in the lifeboats.
Q::What do you think happened on this boat?
A::I guess that's the sixty four thousand dollar question, isn't it?
Q::What?
A::We're in an island chain. It's only a matter of time before we hit another one.
Q::It's the ship. The ship's making you think this way.
A::I know a little bit about human nature and what I've seen only confirms that.
Q::I don't give a damn about the gold.
A::I wish I could believe that. Either way, you know what I've done. I've got no choice.
Q::Yeah.
A::There's a large vessel out about ten miles to the north-west.
Q::Whatever the reason, she's adrift and abandoned. We've got every right to salvage her.
A::You mean tow her back? That's a thirty thousand ton ship you're talking about.
Q::If they thought it was lost at sea, they probably just wrote it off.
A::Not for fifty million. An ocean liner maybe. But fifty million in gold, they come looking for.
Q::He took the shotgun and a light.
A::Must've heard something below deck and went down to check it out.
Q::As I said, what seems to be the trouble?
A::Didn't you hear me, grandpa? Or you got your hearing aid turned down?
Q::These ladies was having themselves a discussion and you're interrupting it.
A::You got about two seconds to get your paws off me, Tarzan.
Q::What's this?
A::You got a leak in the number nine compartment.
Q::You're kidding, right?
A::You want fair pay, make hamburger for Mickey D. Otherwise, please to sign.
Q::Will you get off my back for once?
A::It's tough to find a good job without any kind of training.
Q::It's nothing -- it's just some hormonal thing... don't worry about it...
A::I've got some important news to tell you, but it can wait till later if you're not feeling...
Q::Seymour! Hello! What are you doing here?
A::Oh -- please - don't let me interrupt finish your phone call.
Q::What are you trying to say?
A::It's just that I feel like it's maybe not a good idea for us to keep going out.
Q::Hmm.
A::As far as I know it includes housing and meals and everything... it is really quite an offer...
Q::Well hello there, young employee of the Sidewinder.
A::Look, I already told you I'm not going to give you a ride.
Q::What do you mean "why"?
A::Are you trying to get me wasted so you can take advantage of my womanly charms?
Q::When did I say I hated you?
A::You've never once said anything even remotely nice to me.
Q::Yeah, well --
A::It's just my stupid way of getting attention! God, I practically love you, Josh!
Q::Okay... I promise.
A::Just take my word for it... if she ever finds out about this I'll never hear the end of it...
Q::This is so bad, it's almost good.
A::This is so bad it's gone past good and back to bad again...
Q::Hi.
A::Look at these people behind you. I'm totally convinced they're Satanists.
Q::You're better at it.
A::I remember when I first started reading these I thought DWF stood for "dwarf!"
Q::That's who people want to rent to. It's a known fact that it's way easier to get a job and everything if you're rich... All we have to do is buy a few semi-expensive outfits and act like it's no big deal... it'll be fun.
A::You just want an excuse to dress like some stupid fashion model without me making fun of you.
Q::What? How long have you been standing there?
A::Did you have to buy new hair dye or did you still have some left over from eighth grade?
Q::Waiting for the bus that never comes...
A::I wonder if he's just totally insane and he really thinks a bus is coming or --
Q::When was this?
A::I don't know! God, don't act so jealous I only talked to him for two minutes.
Q::There's something wrong with every single place we look at! Why don't you just come right out and tell me you don't want to move in with me?!
A::Because you'll freak out and act like a total psycho about it.
Q::Hi.
A::Oh, hi... I almost didn't recognize you -- I think I need to get glasses; you're all blurry!
Q::It's really quite something to see you all grown up like this, Enid.  I'd love to hear about what you're doing. I can't help but feel that I had some small part in how you turned out...  What are you studying? You were always such a smart little girl.
A::I'm taking a remedial high school art class for fuck-ups and retards.
Q::God, look at this poster!  I can't believe this room! You're the luckiest guy in the world! I'd kill to have stuff like this!
A::Please... go ahead and kill me! This stuff doesn't make you happy, believe me.
Q::Every guy has a type!
A::I mean as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive...
Q::Wow, this is so cool...
A::If you don't mind my asking -- why do you care so much if I get a date or not?
Q::What the fuck, Seymour?! What is this?
A::What?... Oh that... I borrowed that from work about fifteen years ago... I guess it's mine now.
Q::Never...
A::I'm starting to think that even if I did get a girlfriend it really wouldn't change anything.
Q::Aren't you going to get that?
A::Let the machine get it. I have no desire to talk to anyone who would be calling me...
Q::That didn't sound like a joke to me... what, did you write a personal ad or something?
A::Uh yeah. A long time ago... she called before once... it's just somebody trying to humiliate me.
Q::Just someone so young...
A::You must have done something to make her think you like me.
Q::Uh... sure... come in.
A::Look, I just need somebody to be nice to me for five minutes and then I'll leave you alone.
Q::You need a bigger place - this is like a little kid's room.
A::I could never move - I've got too much stuff.
Q::I hate sports.
A::How come in all that time I was trying to get you a date, you never asked me out?
Q::You're a beautiful young girl... I can't imagine you would ever have had any interest in me, except as an amusingly cranky eccentric curiosity.
A::Yeah, but still... it's kind of insulting for a girl to be ignored like that.
Q::God, Dana's going to kill you!
A::...Do you really want us to drive away somewhere?
Q::Yeah, well... me neither...
A::You must know I always... did you really mean all that about moving in with me?
Q::No... they said she was here...
A::What the fuck is she doing?! She was supposed to be here three hours ago!
Q::What do you mean?
A::On that pathetic fake blind date.
Q::-build the bridge over the Tsavo river. And be finished in four months time. Can you do that?
A::I'm sure you've examined my record. So you know I've never yet been late on a bridge.
Q::It hasn't been that simple so far.
A::What have they done besides kill Starling?  How many have they killed? 
Q::What?
A::I made a mistake hiring you- you're simply not up to the job. 
Q::Not once?- you didn't hit it once?-
A::-I would never make excuses- but a fire broke out- the light was bad- he kept moving-
Q::-well, of course he kept moving- but he couldn't have been more than ten feet away from the three of you- surely you must have wounded the thing-
A::I assure you we came close many times-
Q::Excellent. Could I see the bridge site? 
A::I've got medical supplies to deliver. Come along to the hospital when you're done. 
Q::Since you'd only been here three hours when we met, are you sure this is how you hunt lions?
A::Not to terrify you, Nigel, but it's worse than you think- I've never even seen one.
Q::I'll have to.
A::I can't control mine- I'd be lost without the shame factor driving me.
Q::I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you came.
A::Understood- you realize now you could never have done it without me.
Q::Three years I've worked for the railroad. Now I don't know why. It seemed a good idea once.
A::I feel the same about the bridge. This country certainly didn't ask for it, doesn't need it.
Q::Why so many?
A::Because I have two plans to kill the lions- one involving the cattle, the other the men.
Q::He ditched you.  You should've married me, you know.
A::You never asked me, and every time I brought it up you'd get drowsy and fall asleep.
Q::I wish I could stay.  I feel personally responsible for you being here.
A::You are personally responsible.  If I can get conjugal rights, will you visit me at Sing Sing?
Q::They didn't find anything?  In the bathtub ... the pink ooze ... nothing?  So, what do I do now?
A::Now you get dressed and we go out.  I got a babysitter and everything.  Trust me, you need it.
Q::So -- are you making any New Year's resolutions?
A::I want to stop getting involved with men who aren't good for me.
Q::Does that start exactly at midnight tomorrow, or could you hold off for a few days maybe?
A::For one night in your life, do you think it's possible for us to be completely real?
Q::I'm Jack Hardemeyer.  I'm the mayor's assistant. What can I do for you?
A::I'm an old friend of the mayor's.  I just want to say hello to him.
Q::Well, good night, Louis.
A::Janine, do you feel like maybe getting something to eat on the way home?
Q::Then why have you come?
A::We got a major creep alert and we're just going down the list.  Your name was first.
Q::This is the one that looked at Dana.
A::It must be the chemical fumes in the studio. People start imagining things --
Q::So, Dr. Venkman, please explain to the court why it is you and your co-defendants took it upon yourselves to dig a big hole in the middle of the street.
A::Seventy-seventh and First Avenue has so many holes already we didn't think anyone would notice.
Q::So what are you saying?  That the world of the supernatural is your special province?
A::No, I guess I'm just saying that shit happens and somebody has to deal with it.
Q::"Vigo the Carpathian, born 1505, died 1610 --"
A::A hundred and five years?  He really hung on, didn't he.
Q::Pretty impressive, huh?
A::It's probably the first thing my grandparents saw when they came to this country.
Q::Like a goat on garbage.
A::We're running tests to see if we can get an equally strong positive reaction.
Q::What's he doing in my refrigerator.
A::I'm checking on that.  I think we should meet Thursday night at nine to talk about it.
Q::Yeah, along with most of your furniture and a lot of your personal possessions.  This one took some work.
A::Thank you.  Next time I want to break a lease I'll know who to call.
Q::You have to wonder why anybody would dump a marshmallow that size right in the middle of the street.
A::I wonder if there might not be a very large cup of hot chocolate somewhere in the area.
Q::Well, because I'm curious.  I want to know more about what you do here.  Frankly, there have been a lot of wild stories in the media and we want to assess any possible environmental impact from your operation. For instance, the storage of noxious, possibly hazardous waste materials in your basement.  Now either you show me what's down there or I come back with a court order.
A::Go ahead!  Get a court order.  Then I'm gonna sue your ass off for wrongful prosecution.
Q::Yeah, but I didn't know you were going to give me electric shocks.  What are you trying to prove?
A::I'm studying the effect of negative reinforcement on ESP ability.
Q::Generally, you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance.  What do you think, Egon?
A::She's telling the truth -- or at least she thinks she is.
Q::All right.  I'll try.
A::I'll spend the night here and get back first thing in the morning.
Q::I've got to sleep.
A::I need two new purge valves.  How's the grid around the storage facility holding up?
Q::What happened??!!!?
A::The storage facility blew.  This one ...  ... shut off the protection grid.
Q::You're not going to lose the house. Everybody has three mortgages these days.
A::But at nineteen percent interest!  You didn't even bargain with the guy.
Q::Me, too. Parts of the Bible are great.
A::The whole roof cap was fabricated with a magnesium-tungsten alloy.
Q::Don't you think you should at least wave?
A::Why?  Then they'll notice when I'm gone.  Well.  I'm making a public appearance aren't I?
Q::No one in Rome has ever heard of him.  Do you want to remind those few in the Senate who have?  The whole sordid thing is far beneath your position to begin with.  Forget about him.
A::Let some time pass... then ask, quietly, without anyone knowing it comes from me.
Q::Kill him!  Tribuus -- execute that bastard.
A::You can't do that!  You came here to turn the crowd around not make them hate you.
Q::I want that bastard dead!
A::You want control of the crowd -- you can't get it by killing their hero.
Q::Damn him!  I should have killed him on the front -- I let you talk me out of that.
A::You would have had a full scale revolt on your hands.
Q::Caesar, ignore them.
A::Ignore that?!  The sooner we leave this disgusting place the better.
Q::And like children everywhere they scream "freedom" the most when they desire it least.  I beg you, please continue, Caesar.
A::At the opening of the month of Janus, I will ask this noble body to confirm my emperorship...
Q::We must obey our emperor and the Senate.
A::I met with Falco, and the Senators have agreed to call for a truce with the Germans.
Q::My loyalties... were in doubt.
A::Fools to let us both live; we'll be our own best witnesses at our trial.
Q::Without him.  He'd be weeping if he overheard that.  Well?  The idea of you as my adopted brother is very... exciting.
A::I'm not fit for the job and as a matter of fact I'm not taking the job.
Q::Commodus, it's we who are going on the offensive.
A::The fort helps position us for a final invasion in the spring when they're most vulnerable.
Q::At the end of the day I was approached by the Golden Pompeii Olive Oil company.  Small, but profitable.  They asked if you would endorse their oil.  We could get some very nice posters.  Make some very big money...
A::What would the poster say: "Narcissus would kill for a taste of Golden Pompeii Olive Oil?"
Q::They want to dump Tiger and have me endorse their damned chariot, right? They don't waste time...
A::I can really rape them on this!  Can I at least tell them you'll think about it?
Q::What's the matter?
A::You've got to go over the back fence and I'll meet you on the corner.
Q::Benjamin -- this is my mother!
A::-- suddenly there she was without any clothes on -- I mean really naked --
Q::Of course he does. But he might get the wrong idea. Anyone might.
A::I don't see why. I'm twice as old as you are. How could anyone think --
Q::Please. Now tell me. How do you know he won't wake up sometime and follow you.
A::Because he takes sleeping pills. He takes three sleeping pills every night at ten o'clock.
Q::How?
A::In order to keep Elaine away from you -- I am prepared to tell her everything.
Q::Nothing else.
A::Well you don't drive around from midnight until noon the next day, Benjamin.
Q::It's pretty embarrassing. I really don't know what to tell Mr. Robinson. It's awkward and strained for me every time he suggests that you call up Elaine.
A::Next time he suggests it, I'll tell him I have no intention of ever calling her up in my life.
Q::Time's getting short.
A::I've told you a hundred times not to speak to me with a cigarette in your mouth.
Q::Oh... poor child. If you were free, I'd ask you to come and have some tea -- but --
A::Tea would spoil my dinner.  One meal a day, I'd hate to spoil it.
Q::He disappeared. Later he was found dead.
A::I never knew it was so dangerous to hide in a woman's room when she's alone. 
Q::Go away. Who are you --?
A::A man who could love -- that is all, who has forgotten everything else for you.
Q::You could love me. It is so long since I have heard that word. Nobody has loved me for a long time. It is so icy-cold to be famous. One is so cruelly alone. How is it that you -- Let me look at you. Your hands. Your eyes. Why could you love me?
A::I saw you just now -- then I saw you cry -- and now I see you in the mirror -- Grusinskaya...
Q::Flix. -- And how do you live? What kind of a person are you?
A::I'm a prodigal son, the black sheep of a white flock -- I shall die on the gallows.
Q::Why later?
A::I have no money now -- I must get some first -- I must get some.
Q::If I could get into a game I might win some.
A::Gambling! I'd like that. I have over six thousand eight hundred marks with me.
Q::You may laugh. Caviar and champagne may mean nothing to you, but to me -- they mean a great deal. You see, I'm ill and all of a sudden I got a fear of missing life. I don't want to miss life -- do you understand?
A::You are funny. You speak of life as if it were a train you wanted to catch.
Q::Oh -- careful, Mr. Preysing.
A::Call me -- do you know -- would you -- would you like to call me by my first name?
Q::You're a deep one.
A::In that case give us the articles. We'll sign at once. We know all the details...
Q::Mon Dieu -- the pearls -- if they were to break --
A::The pearls won't break -- they hold together and bring me bad luck ---- I hate them!
Q::Just one moment, sir.
A::No, I won't wait -- I can't -- Every day is precious -- every hour -- Every minute.
Q::I know -- I know.
A::I saw Gerstenkorn at lunch -- and as your lawyer I made it my business to broach the matter ---
Q::What do you want with her?
A::I want to see her, I want to do some dictating -- report of the conference for my father-in-law.
Q::What the fuck are you doin with a son?
A::He left home a long time ago. He was in the hospital, up in Los Ang gleez, real sick.
Q::You're calling the shots.
A::You got any kind of long coat in the car? Anything you can wear home over your clothes?
Q::For God's sake, Lilly!
A::I gave you your life twice. I'm asking you to give me mine once. I need the money.
Q::No, no, Roy, just cash poor. They had savings accounts, stocks to sell, houses to mortgage. Sell their wife's jewelry. Oh, they had a lot of money, when they put their minds to it. Or when I put their minds to it. I stayed with them, that's the roper's job, made them get up every penny they could raise, turn it all over to Cole.
A::And a month later, the sucker calls the cops and you're on the run.
Q::Take a hike, you mean?
A::I need a partner, Roy. I need an inside man, and you're it. You could be as wonderful as Cole.
Q::You -- I don't know.
A::) If you could have seen your face when I told you good night! You looked so, so... Ah!
Q::Sure. Let's get it over.
A::One thing I have to caution you about. A gunshot wound...
Q::No thanks, I'm not thirsty.
A::It's for your cigarette.  I prefer not to contaminate my crime scene with micropollutants.
Q::The killer knocks the knife out of her hand with the wrought-iron poker.
A::Broken blood vessels on her right forearm.
Q::Bruce... what's going on?  The kids are here to pick out their costumes for the festival.
A::Better take 'em to Virgil's downtown.  We got a dead body in there.
Q::Nah, I didn't tell her where I went.
A::Is that all you guys can think about?  Amy never came back last night.  Maybe she's in trouble.
Q::I'm gonna head back to the office... finish up some things.
A::Can't it wait till Monday?  I thought maybe we could dance...  I'm very light of my feet.
Q::Happy fuckin' Halloween.
A::Someone's trying to scare us out of having this fair ... and it's not gonna work.
Q::Home is here in Grandma and Grandpa's new house.  At least while I'm in college. Remember our deal.
A::The kids at school said this is a haunted house -- that a bad man used to live here.
Q::What should I do?
A::Lock the doors and call your husband. Get your family as far away from Haddonfield as possible.
Q::Kyle's mother might be dead for all I know. Now I'm afraid he could be next.
A::Why would anyone want to kill an innocent baby?
Q::Unlike you, Sam, I learned many years ago not to second-guess the motives of my fellow man. Remember what Freud said:  'Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.'  Or, in this case, a drink is just a drink.
A::I hope you didn't come all the way out here in this storm just to quote Freud.
Q::No.
A::How all the magazines show tits today.
Q::I guess.  You're lucky you don't have any old people around here.
A::She was about to get married again. She locked me out of the bedroom last night.
Q::For Africa.
A::Do you really think that Harold Ryan would go to Africa with a vacuum cleaner salesman?
Q::Gee whiz--
A::It would have been fun to see you drop your rifle and run the first time an elephant charged us.
Q::Play?
A::Your mother and I do not wish to be disturbed for three full hours.
Q::I'm sorry, sir, I'm engaged to be married.  My boyfriend would be mad if I went out with another man.
A::Did you ever daydream that you would one day meet a friendly millionaire?
Q::All right--bring me a side order of Mrs. Wheeler.  Oh, hell--sit down, Colonel. Penelope will bring you some chow.
A::That is the most heartless statement I ever heard pass between human lips.
Q::And my son, the only son of Harold Ryan--he's going to grow up to be a vanisher, too?
A::I don't know.  I hope he never hunts.  I hope he never kills another human being.
Q::I feel the same way.  What next?
A::What next?  You leave promptly, of course.  There is no question as to whose home this is--
Q::This is going to become very physical.  Are you prepared for that?
A::You're not such a creature of the ooze that you'd hurt an unarmed man.
Q::Everything stays as it is!
A::A monument to a man who thought that what the world needed most was more rhinoceros meat.
Q::Please--
A::He's not anybody to tell somebody else what to do in a master bedroom.
Q::Is he coming home?
A::He ditched me.  He started running, and I started running, then he lost me in the park.
Q::After this explosion, I think, he'll be able to accept the fact that his mother is going to marry again.
A::The only thing I ever told him about life was, "Keep out of the park after the sun goes down."
Q::Is that a fact?
A::That maid just quit.  The place is a mess.  You can start in the master bedroom.
Q::If he'd just get into scouting, and camp out some, and see how everybody roughhouses around the fire--
A::What a beautiful demonstration this is of the utter necessity of rites of passage.
Q::What do you mean?
A::What do you want to tip me for? Look, you got to spell it out. Whatever you want, just say it.
Q::Just one.
A::The rate is a dollar per line, a dollar and a half bold face.
Q::Man, how many girls do you need?
A::I was told there was a real nice girl here named Joanne. Quite young.
Q::I work with Ramada. We're doing some pictures together.
A::Well, next time you talk to him, tell him to pay his actresses more.
Q::It's your money. You talk.
A::I'm making a film. Jim Sullivan's going to be in it. He said you might know where Tod is.
Q::Look, Niki, this really isn't my business. I don't know anything about...
A::So I guess we're both fucked, huh? But at least you get to go to heaven. I don't get shit.
Q::You sure as hell haven't been any help.
A::I'm sorry about that. Have you found anything out? You've got to tell me.
Q::Hey man.
A::We're casting for an explicit sex action feature...
Q::What is that? A kind of chair? I never heard of no Ratan.
A::I was told that there were certain things that only Ratan could provide.
Q::No. I walked up. Don't ride elevators.
A::My secretary said you wanted to discuss a business proposition.
Q::I got a picture here. I want you to tell me where to find this woman. I been asking everybody. Nobody knows anything.
A::Calm down, mister. You don't want to get the cops in here do you? You got a family?
Q::Let's examine the facts on it. I say this country has been too harsh in its outright condemnation of war. I say you can point to many material advantages brought about by a crisis and conflict policy. Hell, World War II gave us the ballpoint pen. That's common knowledge.
A::During wartime the national suicide rate goes down.
Q::And you're sure it was a woman?
A::God, I wish I could say no. This is going to do terrible things to my attitude, you know.
Q::Listen to me. This time is different. There's more at stake than ever before.
A::How hard can it be? I punched the crap out of that thing that he sent -- ouch!!
Q::Are you sure about this?
A::On a scale of one to ten: two. But --  -- she'll take care of you, Myers. She's a tough one.
Q::You fucking ass-holes.
A::Who are you calling a fucking ass- hole? It's this bastard bed that's your fucking problem!
Q::Cenobites. Explorers in the further regions of experience. Demons to some. Angels to others.
A::Well, I didn't mean to open that thing. You can go back wherever you came from.
Q::Suppose he HAD slipped us. What significance has that?
A::I could lead you right to him. You could take him back to Hell instead of me.
Q::Oh my God.
A::Don't mourn him. He was dead long before we laid a finger on him.
Q::He's here?
A::He's BEEN here. There's stuff in the kitchen. He must have made a hasty exit.
Q::I'm afraid you'll have to wait until the police have spoken to you. Keep trying your father; he'll answer eventually.
A::I called another friend of mine and he's coming over. Will you let him in?
Q::Public Enemy!  All I'm trying to do is cheer us up.  Go ahead and put on some old sad bastard music see if I care.
A::I don't want old sad bastard music either.  I just want something I can ignore.
Q::"-- I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet," yeah, yeah, I hear you --
A::Would you... would you get the impression that I wanted to see it?
Q::Isn't it?
A::That was one of the reasons they asked me to join originally, yes. But --
Q::Well if one of them is this "Sin City" thing --
A::Can I go home and work this out and let you know?  In a week or so?
Q::Good.  So shall we leave it at that then?
A::I've already left it, you pathetic rebound fuck!  Now get your patchouli stink out of my store.
Q::Of course it is.
A::You really think it would make a difference either way?
Q::What are you going to talk to me about?
A::I'm going to talk to you about whether you want to get married or not.  To me.
Q::And after that?
A::Meet a nice girl and have children. I promise the next time we talk I'll have it all sorted out.
Q::This is against the rules.
A::So's playing choo-choo with two high school cheerleaders in the middle of-
Q::He was innocent.
A::He's dead.  Whatever I may or may not feel means exceedingly little to him now.
Q::When you finish, what then?
A::I go my way and you can write all you want about the big bad Mr. Taupin.
Q::The estate stuff is pretty straight forward.  Just lots of forms and an appearance at the county seat.
A::It will take some time for the forms to clear before you go to Gettysburg.
Q::He is older than I.
A::What could possibly be worth all this murder and distruction.
Q::Your back, it would seem perhaps you were injured in battle?
A::Five years past me clan fought another over some- thing I cannot even re- member.
Q::I was driven out.
A::And now you live in a small village miles away from all you knew.
Q::Why does he want to kill me?
A::You recall how I spoke of the push you feel and how I make it less?
Q::What is the fascinatioon?  It is only a leaf.
A::All living things pay dues, Conor.  They must be respected for that.
Q::Mr.-  Taupin, what were you doing in that alley?
A::I was walking by when I heard a shout.  Your men came right after.
Q::You're a kind man to be sure.
A::I thought it only proper to pay me last respects to the family.
Q::Nothing -- ah -- detrimental, I hope.
A::I should say not! That was one swell story you had in the paper this morning.
Q::But I don't gamble, Hilda!
A::I know a lot of men who didn't do anything till they met Walter Burns. Please, dear.
Q::No -- but I'm sure it'll be all right with Walter.
A::But, gee, Hildy -- he gave us that insurance business -- and you promised --
Q::I know I got you into this, Hildy, but it does seem to me that you can't care much for me if you're willing to let me stay locked up for two hours.
A::Bruce, you know I'm mad about you and stop talking like that.  Walter!
Q::I know I wasn't a good husband, Hildy, but you can always count on me.
A::I don't think she'll need you very much -- I aim to do most of the protecting myself.
Q::How's business, Bruce?
A::Well, Albany's a mighty good insurance town. Most people there take it out pretty early in life.
Q::I don't know. This makes me feel funny.
A::Why shouldn't I make Hildy my beneficiary? I've got nobody else to leave it to.
Q::No -- I was just talking to one of the guys at the office. 
A::Oh.  I wonder what's keeping mother? She was supposed to come down and get you.
Q::Who do you think you are, breaking in here like this?
A::You can't bluff me, Burns. I don't care who you are or what paper you're editor of.
Q::What about this, Burns? Kidnapping, eh?
A::Oh, trying to frame me, eh! I never saw this woman before in my life!
Q::Duffy! Get Liebowitz!
A::All the lawyers in the world aren't going to help you!
Q::Well, why did you promise me you wouldn't fight the divorce and then try and gum up the whole works?
A::Well, I meant to let you go -- but, you know, you never miss the water till the well runs dry.
Q::That's why I'm quitting. I want to go some place where I can be a woman.
A::I know you, Hildy, and I know what it would mean. It would kill you.
Q::Thanks...
A::Too bad I couldn't see this guy first. I'm pretty particular about whom my wife marries.
Q::What do you mean, only an act? Haven't you got any feeling?
A::Well, it's either an act on your part or a miracle on Sweeney's.
Q::Exclusive? That's great.
A::It cost me four hundred and fifty bucks to tear it out of Cooley.
Q::I meant on my grandmother's grave. Don't be so technical, Hildy. What's the story?!
A::Well, this expert Dr. Egelhoffer, from New York, decides to make Williams re-enact the crime --
Q::Not if he's inside the desk. We'll carry the desk over.  Give me Duffy!
A::You can't take that desk out. It's crawling with cops outside.
Q::Don't open that!
A::Who says so? I'm going to the morgue -- to look --
Q::Sure, it was good -- it was wonderful! Only you expected it to be like other marriages. It can't be like other marriages -- we're different! We're a different world. Look at what we went through today. I wouldn't trade that for any honeymoon in the world. I bet you wouldn't, either.
A::A fine honeymoon, with a murderer right in the boudoir! And that other honeymoon in a coal mine!
Q::Butter-fingers! I give you an old lady to take somewhere, and you hand her over to the cops!
A::What do you mean, I handed her? The patrol wagon was on the wrong side of the street.
Q::Of course, I sort of promised them I would give out a statement when I got through here. You don't mind?
A::Well, I don't know if that's ethical. You see, all statements are supposed to come from me.
Q::No, I tell you! Nobody knows where he got it.
A::The Crime Commission has offered a reward of ten thousand dollars for Williams' capture.
Q::Come on, you! Before we slap you down.
A::Do you want us to call the cops and have them give you the boots?
Q::Same way you did.  Through that gate.
A::I gave strict orders that nobody was to interview Williams without my permission.
Q::No, thanks Sheriff. I'm leaving town tonight.
A::You ought to stay over. You always wrote a good hanging story, Hildy.
Q::Where'd you get this?
A::I've got a right to carry a gun if I want to.
Q::If the Mayor wants me, he knows where I am.
A::This tear bomb went off unexpectedly in the hands of Sheriff Hartman's Bombing Squad.
Q::Now, Pete! Please don't appeal to my Sentimental side.
A::Fred, I don't know what to say. A thing like this almost destroys a man's faith in human nature.
Q::Dementia praecox Oh-h-h!
A::We got to think fast before those lying reporters get hold of this. What'll we tell 'em?
Q::Let him out of here, Lieutenant.
A::But, Hildy, I can't. He's accused of stealing a watch. And they found the watch on him.
Q::It's getting so a girl can't step out of the room without being discussed by a bunch of old ladies.  Hello, Post... Mr. Walter Burns, please.
A::Well, Hildy, we were only saying that a swell reporter like you wouldn't give this up so easily.
Q::Earl, you must never do that again.
A::Oh, I'm awful tired. I couldn't go through another day like this.
Q::Williams put up a desperate struggle but the police overpowered --
A::-- tried to shoot it out with the cops but his gun wouldn't work, so --
Q::We all had to write a last letter home.
A::And it was the last. Hasn't written a letter since. Not even a birthday card.
Q::I doubt if a few bombs would wake up Dawn on a Sunday morning.
A::This phoney war get's on my nerves. If we're going to have a war, I wish they'd get it started.
Q::What did he say?
A::He said I was right. I shouldn't wait for him. I was better to make a clean break.
Q::I think it's very sensible in the circumstances.
A::Now he's gone and made me fall in love with him, which I never wanted to do. I told him that.
Q::I don't know how you cope, Grace. Three kids, army pay. On your own.
A::You know something, Molly? I like it on my own. I never got used to sharing a bed, not really.
Q::I agree.
A::Yeah, it won't take long and besides you sassy poodle girls will slow us down.
Q::Do you believe this fucking girl?
A::I was just wondering, cause you got a pissy look about you... like a real pussy licking bitch.
Q::No, really.
A::Shit, I don't remember exactly. I took over for my Pa just after the Duke nabbed the Oscar.
Q::Yeah, I was never that big of a western fan. I like science fiction.
A::I figured that much. Why the fuck you asking so many jackass questions for?
Q::No, no I think it's really interesting.
A::Well fuck me Side Sally, who want to read about all that horse shit anyway.
Q::Fuck yeah, she is. I'd join a cult to get some of that... and the best part is she didn't try to kill the President or nothing, so that baggage ain't hanging around.
A::I thought she tried to murder a witness for the prosecution.
Q::Perfect.
A::I hope this place is cool. We could use something interesting to liven up chapter 12.
Q::Should we stop?
A::We can't leave her out here in the rain... maybe we can just drop her at the next rest area.
Q::Hey, he moved.
A::Let's get going before that thing tries to eat the car or something.
Q::You sure you don't need any help in there?
A::No dear, I'm fine. Now what kind of host would I be if I put my guests to this kind of work.
Q::Hey, nice outfit Billy Bob.
A::Thanks for coming to get us. Little brother almost scared us to death.
Q::I know, that was some crazy shit. I never in a million years would have believed it if I hadn't seen it.
A::A decent meal every once in a while wouldn't hurt either, this road food is crap.
Q::I'm gonna go ask him.
A::Aw, come on Jerry. We've gotten all we're gonna get out of this place and its starting to rain.
Q::This is way too fucked up for words.
A::I know the words... fucking psycho fucking bullshit, that's the words.
Q::I'm with Denise, can't we just walk to someplace, this is getting fucking stupid.
A::Negative. Shit, we are so deep in the sticks we could walk for hours and find zero.
Q::Well hello, officer.
A::Excuse me, I'm sorry for disturbing you this fine afternoon.
Q::Please, just a minute.
A::Oh, alright... I guess I can trust you... being a man of the law and all.
Q::I don't know. I only saw one.
A::I'm sure there's more than that... fucking pigs always travel in packs...  ...here, take this.
Q::Don't worry, we'll find her.
A::Let's hit the road, sooner we get a move on sooner we'll find her.
Q::Like what?
A::Well, I think it would be easier if I could talk to you in person.
Q::My brother says the guy's a thirty- five year old virgin, so maybe he won't know how women usually feel. Plus he's got bad eyesight, almost legally blind, which is helpful in this situation. Plus he's got an extremely small penis, of which he is "mortifyingly ashamed", so chances are he'll be so grateful for any non- judgmental attention, that he'll be yours forever.
A::God, he must be really close to your brother to tell him such personal stuff.
Q::Your brother should have his license revoked.
A::Yeah, although I'm not going to turn him in. I like hearing the dirt.
Q::That seems a shame. The night is young.
A::The night is two thousand dollars old.
Q::I'm already rich. But I like action. That's one thing I think you're good for is action. Besides, like I say... you got talent.
A::Yeah, you already told me that. You cut that slice down to bite-size and maybe we can talk.
Q::You got that wrong, mister. I am.
A::Okay, I told you what I wanted about Minnesota Fats. You just go ahead and play him, friend.
Q::Thanks for the, uh, for the breakfast.
A::Two ships that pass in the night should always buy each other breakfast.
Q::I'm hungry.
A::Take your choice. I've got enough so we won't have to go out of the house till Tuesday.
Q::You need the words?
A::Yes, I need them very much. And if you ever say them I'll never let you take them back.
Q::Is that a fact?
A::Yes sir, boy, they, heh, they say that old Fats just shoots the eyes right off them balls.
Q::What choice did I have -- ?!
A::You hunt us like animals -- do you know how many you have slaughtered?!
Q::You and that damned garden.
A::Yeah, but when your mother came what's the first thing you showed her?
Q::Wow.  There's the town.  And there's the air base.  This is a great hill.
A::It's got a name.  Copper Ridge. There used to be a copper mine near here.
Q::A meteorite, Dad, look!
A::It's that time of year again. We should get a pretty good show out here.
Q::Jim -- what's wrong?!
A::You've got to come see -- a big thing went down over the hill!
Q::How did it get Mrs. McKeltch?
A::She said the frog came from around the Copper Ridge.  She must've been behind the hill.
Q::No.
A::Let's go look at the sand pit behind your house.
Q::Better be. You left me for him.
A::I wanted a career. Didn't you ever want to be part of something special?
Q::With you? I don't understand why you can't just show someone how to plant the virus, somebody trained for this kind of mission?
A::If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly, adjust the signal, who knows?
Q::Pops!
A::The television said they've started with the looting already. Vultures.
Q::Any news on my wife?
A::The helicopter never arrived at Nellis and there's been no radio contact.
Q::Organize a military escort to Crystal Mountain.
A::Sir, I strongly recommend we move you to a secured location immediately.
Q::This is ridiculous.
A::How long would their shields be down?
Q::Just what the hell do you think you're doing?
A::I'm bringing home the bacon. Earning my keep. And doing a fine job if I do say so myself.
Q::I'm not leaving.
A::We must maintain a working government in a time of crisis...
Q::Well, Marcus, we are on the brink of the recovery of the greatest artifact in the history of mankind.
A::You're meddling with powers you cannot possibly comprehend.
Q::Wouldn't it be wonderful if he were here now to see this?
A::He never would have made it past the rats! He hates rats! He's scared to death of them!
Q::Humpf -- so I was wrong this time. But by God, I wasn't wrong when I mailed you my Diary. You obviously got it.
A::I got it and I used it. We found the entrance to the catacombs.
Q::What?
A::We found a tunnel that leads to a temple below the palace! Please, come with me, I'll show you!
Q::Who?
A::It's some kind of cult! And they've got the sacred stones that Indy was searching for.
Q::Their stories are just fear and folklore.
A::Maybe... but how do you explain The Thuggee shrine I saw right below the palace?
Q::So, it is true, Dr. Jones? You found Nurhachi?
A::Sure, I found him. Then last night I had a little trouble. Somebody tried to slit my throat.
Q::You were caught trying to steal the Sankara Stones.
A::Nobody's perfect. The way I heard it, you stole one of them from a small village.
Q::No. They are here -- somewhere. A century ago when the British raided this temple and butchered my people, a loyal priest hid the last two stones down here in the catacombs.
A::That's what you've got these children -- these slaves digging for?
Q::It is why Krishna brought you here.
A::Nobody brought us here. Our plane crashed. We were shot down by --
Q::But why would the Maharajah take this sacred stone?
A::They say we must pray to their evil god. We say we will not.
Q::So, what're you supposed to be, a lion tamer?
A::Since I was nice enough to let you tag along, why don't you give your mouth a rest? Okay, doll?
Q::Dream -- nightmare is more like it.
A::He said that's whey they were at river -- they were waiting for the plane to fall down.
Q::Took what?
A::It's a sacred stone in a shine that's supposed to protect a village.
Q::What about the future?
A::Oh, that's easy -- I'm going to latch onto a good-looking, incredibly rich prince.
Q::He's afraid of something.
A::He said he couldn't take us any farther. He has to go sell the elephants.
Q::I've always had a weakness for folk dancing.
A::She might get away with that act here, but she'd never make it in a real nightclub.
Q::This is the first time anybody ever cried when I left.
A::They don't cry about you. They cry about the elephants leaving.
Q::Figures...
A::They got no food to feed them. So they taking the elephants away to sell them.
Q::Why he's argumentative?
A::Yes...Yes...I'll explain it all. Just put the gun down.
Q::That's not a good idea.
A::They think we're safe here. They don't really need us. They're probably long gone.
Q::I don't wanna be you. I wanna go home.
A::You can't go home. When UST finds we're gone, they'll come after you and put us away.
Q::You eat it. You know what this stuff tastes like?
A::I'm living on freeze dried limas and ham. Just eat it.
Q::Awwww...
A::I mean it!  No one else would have helped. I take it all back, everything I've said about you.
Q::What's Gruner like?
A::They'd never talk in front of me. They'd walk away up the beach. Nervous about something.
Q::And it's bullshit. And if I'm right, are you going to put the Journal's reputation behind a story that's going to blow up in your face?
A::I'll take a look at what you got. But I'm not moving any deadlines 'cause you say so.
Q::Shit...
A::Oh, we need cops on the street. We don't need them on horses.
Q::There has been so much soul searching about this Wigand, I've decided we should cut an alternate version of the show without his interview.
A::So, what happened to Ms. Caperelli's checking with outside counsel first, all that crap?
Q::Do you have a history of emotional problems, Mr. Wigand?
A::Yes. Yes, I do.  Yes, I get extremely emotional when assholes put bullets in my mailbox...!
Q::Well, as a "standard"... I'll hang with "is the guy telling the truth?"
A::Well, with tortious interference, I'm afraid... the greater the truth, the greater the damage.
Q::I don't understand.
A::I got fired this morning... Where else am I gonna take it?
Q::"I'm Lowell Bergman, I'm from '60 Minutes.'" You know, you take the "60 Minutes" out of that sentence, nobody returns your phone call. Maybe Wigand's right. Maybe I'm hooked. What am I hooked on? The rush? "60 Minutes"? What the hell for? Infotainment. It's so fucking useless, all of it.
A::So, it's a big country with a free press. You can go work somewhere else.
Q::Well, we'd certainly be interested in making his acquaintance, but without knowing what he's going to do...
A::Well, would you want him to call you? Or, you want to call him? How do you want to do it?
Q::Lowell, I can't afford --
A::...they "volunteered." A friend owns a large security company.
Q::...I was young. I was young... confused... We didn't handle it the right way...
A::She sued you for back payments of child support?
Q::You heard Mr. Sandefur say before Congress that he believed nicotine was not addictive...?
A::...I believe Mr. Sandefur perjured himself because I watched those testimonies very carefully.
Q::"I would bet on it."
A::"The former executive has reason to bet on being sued, for major cigarette manufacturers..."
Q::It's a LeCoultre Revers. You can flip the face, and set it for two time zones.
A::Why would you need two time zones? You never leave Beverly Hills.
Q::You like kids.
A::I can't have a baby with a man I don't love... And I can't submit a child to divorce.
Q::"Who ever lov'd that lov'd not at first sight?"
A::You didn't ask me here to pick me up. You could get in trouble for that.
Q::I want to nail you ass.
A::Are you threatening me, because I'm sure that's a violation of the terms of your bail.
Q::Marylin. Run. I'll distract him.
A::I'm not leaving you. I took self defense
Q::But then -- I guess -- something inside me died when I realized that you'd hired a goon to kill me.
A::Yes. I know. It's exactly how I felt when I realized you'd hired the goon to kill...
Q::I'm sorry. Where were we?
A::We were about to request the primary residence, and thirty percent of the remaining assets.
Q::So. Now what?
A::Now? Well, Marylin, now you cut a deal or find out how Jean Harris made it work for her.
Q::So, Miles. If you have a proposal, let's hear it.
A::At this point my client is still prepared to consider reconciliation.
Q::My client has ruled that out.
A::My client is prepared to entertain an amicable dissolution of the marriage without prejudice.
Q::That's delusional.
A::My client proposes a thirty day cooling off period.
Q::My client feels sufficiently dispassionate.
A::My client asks that you not initiate proceedings pending his setting certain affairs in order.
Q::-- So much for the icebreakers. What're you after, Ruth?
A::My client is prepared to settle for fifty percent of the marital assets.
Q::Hi, Sweetie.
A::Hard to believe I know. I'm sure you are frequently mistaken for sisters.
Q::We'll go into that some other time.
A::The average man would go after the reward. All you seem to
Q::Come on, Ellie. Stop being silly. You know I'm going to have my way.
A::I won't stand for it! I won't stand for your running my life! Why do you insist on it!
Q::Smart, aren't you! So subtle.
A::If Gandhi had a chef like Paul, it would change the whole political situation in India.
Q::Well!
A::He blames you for everything that's wrong about me. Thinks you raised me stupidly.
Q::If you really mean it, I will.
A::Of course I mean it! I don't care whom she's married to  as long as I can get her back. 
Q::Whadda you want!
A::If you'll be good enough to remove those newspapers I'll have a seat.
Q::Remember me? I'm the fellow you slept on last night.
A::Seems to me I've already thanked you for that.  What time is the next bus to New York?
Q::Well, I hope you're not going to dictate whom I can talk to.
A::I know a couple of truck drivers I'd like to have you meet sometime.  Come on, sit down.
Q::Nope. No complaints.
A::I'd have gotten you some cream but it meant buying a whole pint.
Q::Don't get excited, Peter. They just asked a civil question.
A::There you go again! How many times did I tell you to stop butting in when I have an argument?
Q::Aw, nuts! You're just like your old man!  Once a plumber always a plumber! There isn't an ounce of brains in your whole family!
A::Peter Warne, you've gone far enough. I won't stand being insulted like this another minute.
Q::I proved once and for all that the limb is mightier than the thumb.
A::Why didn't you take all your clothes off? You could have stopped forty cars.
Q::You're drunk.
A::Would an exclusive story like that be worth a thousand bucks to you?
Q::All I'm asking is enough gas to get me to New York. The bag's worth twenty-five dollars.
A::Yeah, but I got a bag. My wife gave me one for Christmas.
Q::A trumpet?
A::Yeah. You know, one of those toy things. They sent me to the store to get it.
Q::Why you keep dancing on my head for, my man?  We been thicker'n molasses pie since law school.
A::Because you keep conning me, Dean. I read your testimony to the Warren Commission and...
Q::Did he pay?
A::Always - like tits on a pig.  I wish I had a million of those bimbettes.
Q::Who the hell opened my files!  You've been looking through my private files, haven't you, you weasel?
A::You may not like this, chief, but you're beginning to act paranoid.  I mean, you really are.
Q::Nick, what would happen if a man suffering from hypertension were to take an entire bottle of Proloid?
A::He'd die pretty quick, either a heart storm or a ruptured blood vessel in the brain.
Q::...and have you ever met David Ferrie?
A::No, I would not even know what he looked like except for the pictures I've been shown.
Q::No... if he did, I don't remember him.  There were lots of kids in and out... y'know.
A::I'm sure you've seen this.  Perhaps you knew this man under another name?
Q::Colonel Finck, are you saying someone told you not to dissect the neck?
A::I was told that the family wanted examination of the head.
Q::I want the truth.
A::The truth is that I heard between four and six shots.  I'm not going to lie for you.
Q::...you heard echoes.
A::No.  I had guns all my life.  I used to go turtle shooting.
Q::The Oswalds are introduced by George de Mohrenschildt to Janet and Bill Williams.  It's through Janet Williams in October '63 that Lee gets the warehouse job, right smack on Elm Street at the Book Depository, which is owned by another oilman with ties to defense and military intelligence.
A::Presumably so he can now exercise his intellect stacking school texts at $1.25 an hour.
Q::I'm not sure I understand.
A::Well... in an investigation we're conducting your name has come up a number of times.
Q::No.  I have never known anyone by that name.  Of course never having met Mr. O'Keefe I could hardly have met Mr. Ferrie...
A::...and that the four of you partied early into the morning hours...
Q::Let me show you his picture. 
A::No.  I'm sure I've never met anyone of such a bizarre appearance.
Q::No, it was not.  Do you know an attorney by the name of Dean Andrews?
A::One meets so many attorneys in my business.  No, I don't believe I know Dean Andrews.
Q::Mr. Shaw, did you ever meet Lee Harvey Oswald?
A::You really have me consorting with a cast of sordid characters, don't you, Mr. Garrison.
Q::My sympathies.
A::Liz, I'm really sorry.  The meeting went much longer than expected.
Q::We waited for you... hours, Jim. You could have telephoned, for God's sake.  It's Easter!  You promised, Jim.
A::I don't know what to say except I'm sorry.  I just don't have rabbits on my mind.
Q::One little guy with a cheap rifle - look what he can do.
A::Let's get outta here, Lou.  I saw too much stuff like this in the war.
Q::...take a good look, chief, do any of 'em look like the hoboes you remember?
A::Hoboes I knew of old used to sleep in their clothes - these two look pretty young.
Q::It was a Texas Live Oak, boss.  It sheds it's leaves the first week of March.  You try to hit a moving target at 88 yards through heavy foliage with this cheap 13-dollar sucker, the world's worst shoulder weapon.  No way.  The FBI tried two sets of tests and not one of their sharpshooters could match Oswald's performance.  Not one.  And Oswald was at best a medium shot.  The scope was defective on it, too.  I mean this is the whole essence of the case to me.  The guy couldn't do the shooting.  Nobody could.  And they sold this lemon to the American public.
A::The Zapruder film is the proof they didn't count on, Lou.  We gotta get our hands on it.
Q::You have other information?
A::I didn't say that.  All I know is he died suddenly just before the Warren Report came out.
Q::I'm glad you could find time to see me.  I flew down from Denver this morning on my private jet.
A::Yes, your letter indicated you were in he oil business up there.
Q::I've done quite well in Denver, Mr. Garrison, but I have to admire someone like you - and I have the means to back up what I say.
A::We can use all the support we can get.  I think these might interest you.
Q::When are you going back to Washington, sir?
A::I am going back very shortly after we finish this hearing - I am going to have some lunch.
Q::Can I make a statement?  If you request me to go back to Washington with you right now, that is if you want to hear further testimony from me, can you do that?  Can you take me with you?
A::No, that could not be done, Mr. Ruby. There are a good many things involved in that.
Q::Fuck that shit, man. I ain't shootin' anybody.
A::What the fuck I tell you. You don't hafta shoot nobody. Just hold the gun. They'll get the idea.
Q::I wanna help you, but I don't wanna be locked in the trunk of no car.
A::You think I wanted to spend ten thousand dollars on your ass?
Q::Same as you. Ten thousand.
A::The federal agent kinda half hinted Ordell might of done Beaumont.
Q::You get a chance to use it?
A::I felt a lot safer having it. My milk went bad when I was in jail.
Q::I don't know yet. I'm going to talk with Dargus and Nicolet today. Do what you suggested. Offer to help and see what happens.
A::What I meant was have a lawyer do the negotiating for you.
Q::How do you get it out?
A::Same way I been doin', but first they got to let me go back to work.
Q::Does something else worry you?
A::I just feel like I'm always starting over. You said how many bonds you wrote?
Q::You think he's got a thing for you?
A::Maybe. But I'm thinking it might be something like he wants the money for himself.
Q::I see.
A::You don't propose something like that unless you're pretty sure the other person's into it.
Q::No, I mean you, right now. Not it you were somebody else.
A::If I saw a way to walk off with a shopping bag full of money, would I take it?
Q::The feds. It's evidence.
A::It may be evidence once they get their hands on it, but right now it's only money.
Q::Oh, yeah. I got them thinking Ordell's real nervous. They love thinking he's scared of them.
A::You know, a good cop won't let you know he knows you're fulla shit.
Q::But you still have to show him the money at the airport.
A::Well, you know I'm not going to show him the whole amount. He'll see fifty thousand.
Q::Thanks for waiting, Jackie. Now tell me, what can we do for you?
A::I need permission to leave the country so I keep my job.
Q::Not really.
A::His full name is Louis Gara. He just got out from serving four years in Susanville.
Q::I have no idea.
A::You'd take a polygraph on it?
Q::For what?
A::Who you think got your ass outta jail?
Q::Now, baby, that's got nothin' to do with you. I just carry that. You been listenin' to them cops too much.
A::The cops didn't try and strangle my ass.
Q::I just came here to talk.
A::Way I see it, me and you only got one thing to talk about. What you willing to do for me?
Q::It's right on Hawthorne Boulevard and Manhattan Beach Boulevard. It's red brick...
A::Oh, wait, you mean that place that has the big sign with a rooster on it?
Q::Didja tell 'em anything else?
A::I told them you got a half a million dollars in Mexico, and you want me to bring it here.
Q::So you light, ain't you. You light about a half-a-million.
A::Look, that's the bag she came out with. She never even put her hand in it, and neither did I.
Q::Came outta where?
A::The fitting room. It went down exactly the way it was supposed to.
Q::Louis, You tellin' me the truth?
A::Look, I swear to fucking god, she came out with that bag and I took it from her.
Q::Is this, me and you, like a lawyer- client relationship? The lawyer can't tell nothing he hears?
A::You're not my client until you get busted and I bond you out.
Q::Falsely accused of Intent. If she had that shit -- and mind you, I said "if" -- it was just her shit to get high with.
A::Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business?
Q::What's up with this shit.
A::I think falling in live with movie stars is something that happens to a man as he gets older.
Q::I'm sorry, Mr. Singer, but do you have any idea how many people come to me with the injustices of the world? It'd break your heart.
A::This isn't injustice, Mr. Geary. The army did something to us and we've got to find out what.
Q::Jacob, if it was any other brain but yours, I might agree.  Tell me, does your lady friend know what a brilliant thinker, what a sub- lime intellect she's living with?
A::I doubt it's my mind that interests her. I tell you Prof, she's a fiery lady.
Q::Demons, Jake? Come on. They're winos and bag ladies. Low life. That's all they are. The streets are crawling with 'em. Don't make em into somethin' they're not.  It's the pressure, honey. That's all it is.
A::Those guys tried to kill me tonight. They were aiming right at me.
Q::You know goddamn well what I mean.
A::You're out of your fucking mind. I'm not gonna stand around here gettin' interrogated by you.
Q::None of us can remember that night. I get flashes of it but they don't make sense. We saw shrinks for years. But nothing they did could ever touch it. What happened? Was there ever an offensive?
A::A couple of days later. It was fierce. You guys never saw it.
Q::I don't have all day, kid.
A::Yeah yeah I better call the labs, see what the hell is going on.
Q::What's that?
A::THat's the sound of deep space attacking the integrity of the ship.
Q::Can we blow it with just two?
A::If we don't sever the hull completely she'll drag us down with her.
Q::You must shut down the engines.
A::Then do it. The rescue ship can find us here right?
Q::I knew you were a little sick, but Geez.
A::I get no kick from champaign, mere alcohol doesn't faze me at all, but I get a kick out of you.
Q::Why don't we go in? Get another crack at him tomorrow.
A::We got a barrel on him. We can't lose him. We stay out here until we find him.
Q::You love sharks?
A::I do.  But you've still got a problem here, there's a shark just off the island somewhere.
Q::Coming right to us!
A::No -- comin' right at us! Slow ahead, he'll hit us head on --  Slower! Throttle back ---
Q::Sick vandalism! Brody, that's a deliberate mutilation of a public service message! I want those little paint-happy bastards caught and hung up by their baby Buster Browns!
A::That's it! I'm standing here arguing with a guy who can't wait to be a hot lunch. Goodbye.
Q::Well! Nothing like experimenting.
A::I did the prep questions for this lab last night. You can copy my answers if you need to.
Q::What's up?
A::I just wanted to come over. You know, say hi. I miss hanging out with you on school nights.
Q::Oh, God...
A::But I'm going to give it up for adoption. I already found the perfect people.
Q::But they have a real lawyer and everything. I'm going to meet with them next weekend.
A::Junebug, that is a tough, tough thing to do. Probably tougher than you can understand right now.
Q::A couple of hours? Why are you going up there in the first place?
A::They said they wanted to know about this stuff. They said to keep them updated, so I did!
Q::You mean I have to wait for it to get even worse? Why can't they just give it to me now?
A::Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream.
Q::No, I mean in your pregnancy.
A::Oh. Uh, my stepmom took me to the doctor yesterday and they said I was twelve weeks.
Q::Yeah. Yeah! The way people used to do it. Quick and dirty, like ripping off a Band-Aid.
A::Well, then we agree a traditional closed adoption would be best for all involved, then?
Q::Oh. That's, uh, my room. Vanessa lets me have a room for all my old stuff.
A::Wow, you get a whole room in your own house? She's got you on a long leash there, Mark.
Q::You're kind of a sellout, aren't you? What would the Melvins say?
A::They'd say you came a long way out here not knowing if anyone would be home.
Q::Uh, thanks.
A::You know, not many teenage girls in your situation would actually go through with this.
Q::Nothing. She just hates when I sit around watching movies and 'not contributing.'
A::I'll handle this. I'm really good at diffusing mom-type rage.
Q::Hello?
A::So, I've been spending a lot of time listening to that weird CD you made me.
Q::I'm dying to see what you've got to teach me.
A::Okay, stop surfing porn and get back to work. Just wanted to say hi.
Q::Oh, Mark! Is this the baby's room? It's beautiful!
A::Hilarious. No, I just keep all of my old comics down here, and I want to show you one of them.
Q::Good. I'm good.  Did you finish that paper for Worth's class yet?
A::No, not yet. I tried to work on it a little last night, but I'm having trouble concentrating.
Q::Well, shall we start looking over the paperwork? Gerta has already drafted some preliminary documents.
A::Can I use the facilities first? Being pregnant makes you pee like Seabiscuit.
Q::She's joking. Junebug has a wonderful sense of humor, which is just one of her many genetic gifts.
A::I also have good teeth. No cavities. We finally got fluoridated water in Dancing Elk.
Q::Well, well. If it isn't MacGuff the Crime Dog! Back for another test?
A::I think the last one was defective. The plus sign looked more like a division sign.
Q::Maybe it's just a food baby. Did you have a big lunch?
A::It's not a food baby. I took three pregnancy tests today. I am definitely up the spout.
Q::He asked her. I heard they were going to Benihana, then the prom, then to Vijay's parents' cabin.
A::Bleeker told me Katrina's whole house reeks of soup!
Q::Oh, it totally does. I was there for her birthday about four years ago and it was like Lipton Landing. But you know, boys have endured worse things for nookie.
A::There's no way in hell they're having sex or even holding hands.
Q::Well, I wanted to pick something gender-neutral for now. Once we get the baby, God willing, we can create a more decisive palette.
A::Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral? I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.
Q::Well... for one thing... They think faster out there, on account of all that warm weather they got; cold weather makes people stupid, that's a fact.
A::I guess that'd explain why there's so many stupid people around here.
Q::Now why is that?
A::Some people think it's because he never killed again. He just disappeared back into society.
Q::By the way, I'm not much of a pool player.
A::Shit, it ain't hard to play pool. I can teach you everything ya need ta know.
Q::What's that?
A::A copy of a tape they found. He recorded everything.
Q::Darlin' you were 'bout that far from spendin' the night at the morgue. You understand?
A::He wasn't going to shoot her, you murdering son of a bitch!
Q::...You know what I mean?
A::...I know I'd love to smash this bottle right in your fucking face.
Q::Oh man, that's the best.
A::You could tell she took care of herself. She had all these powders and creams in her bathroom.
Q::I mean I'm dreaming about going all out, crazy shit.
A::You mean like fucking two virgins at once.
Q::I'm gonna fuck her tonight. I swear to God I'm gonna fuck her.
A::How are you gonna fuck two virgins in a day? That shits gotta be against the law.
Q::You sure?
A::I don't know. But all I know is that I kicked him so many times my fuckin' toe feels broken.
Q::Do you know where he went?
A::I'm not sure. He said something about meeting Darcy. I think he likes her now.
Q::You don't tell us how to run our investigation.  You got that?
A::You don't have an investigation without me.  You got that?
Q::You want me to what?
A::I want you to feed every street in this grid into your computer.
Q::You alright?
A::I've seen a lot of things in my time on the job, but nothing like this. Yurilivich?
Q::Ready for round two?
A::I've got a feeling we're going to go the distance with him.  Let him sweat for a little while.
Q::It doesn't make sense because we don't understand it.
A::But a hundred men could move him.
Q::Why not?
A::You don't want to think and that's why I'll win!  I'm already two points ahead.
Q::You'll find her.
A::If you got something to say to me, just come out and say it!
Q::Just like who?
A::I really wish you'd stop trying to maneuver me.  I find it irritating, not to mention insulting.
Q::I'm just trying to play the game.
A::You're not playing very well.  There are clues all around you and you keep missing them.
Q::Emotional?  I expected more from you.
A::If you kill tonight and I'm in jail the police will know I'm innocent.
Q::Don't you see?  I had to make it right. I ignored my mother's crossing.  I sat with them all.  I held their hands.  I stroked their hair.  I was with them to the end.  I took away the blood.  I washed them.  Their crossing was peaceful.
A::I think your mother knows that now. Why don't you put the knife down.  Put it down, David.
Q::Would you mind keeping your voice down? I have guests.
A::Oh, well we wouldn't want to disturb your guests, would we?
Q::They asked who would be best suited for this and you--
A::Don't patronize me!  You sent me into a potentially dangerous situation and didn't warn me!
Q::Is your dad here?
A::He went down to the lobby for a minute. He should be right back.  Would you like come in?
Q::Any sign of rape?
A::Not that I can see.  We'll know more once I get the lab reports back from Seattle.
Q::What do you think he did?
A::We think he could be a suspect in a murder investigation.
Q::As large as castles.
A::Yes.  Why not just say a building if he meant any general type of structure?
Q::I can't arrest someone for having a cut on their wrist.  Do you have someone you can stay with tonight?
A::I've got a room at the institute I use when I stay late.
Q::What have you come up with on the riddle?
A::"Wee Willie Winkie runs though the street."  We think he might be making a reference to himself.
Q::We got a problem?
A::Our computer went on the fritz again. David came up to fix it.
Q::Peter...
A::How could you think that, Kathy?  How could you even consider it?
Q::I was thinking that... maybe when this is all over we could...
A::I want someone I can get close to. I don't know if that's possible with you.
Q::It's over now.
A::I just wanted you to know in case you thought about it in the future.
Q::Traitor! She'll marry you in hell!
A::He thinks you betray him with Lyssa.  Colwyn! The waters deceive you!
Q::I will melt that gold and pour it down your throat, old man!
A::He sees betrayal everywhere. He will attack us so long as he is conscious.
Q::Not yet, my friend. It's your tomato that's dying.
A::u>What</u>? Oh no! Better it was me. There isn't another good tomato within a hundred leagues.
Q::Forgive me. It's childish to cry.
A::Those are not child's tear. A child cries for himself, a man cries for those he loves.
Q::The best. But my unhappiness is not made lighter by adding your's to it.
A::Well, it is true that if I received a royal command I couldn't very well disobey it, could I?
Q::What are you doing with my dear? Stop! Thieves!
A::Many villagers are hiding in the forest. They need food.
Q::I am being exploited! Where are you going?
A::I must take the old man to see some sick children. Kegan will guard you.
Q::Good! First shot!
A::Yeah, but I didn't get him, I got his case and now he's behind the tree. What can I do?
Q::I was nervous, that's all! Where is the guy?
A::I killed him... and cut him and ate all of him... I left nothing for you!
Q::...Don't you drink?
A::I prefer waiting for a while...  I feel it would go the wrong way.
Q::But... He works for your same employer?
A::Yeah, but I don't give a shit about.  I trade at left, at right and that's dangerous in there...
Q::I don't accept that.
A::Maybe one day -- after you've been married twenty years you'll understand.
Q::Are you a preacher?
A::No, I just don't want anybody dying because I didn't say something when I had the chance.
Q::Yes -- you are.
A::I'm going to ask you a question that may sound peculiar.
Q::You should start slow and easy -- fifteen minutes a day.
A::No.  How far in one attempt -- what's the farthest someone like myself could walk?
Q::There was a boy named Isaac who wanted to play baseball, but he was too small and no one would let him play... but he kept practicing by himself -- waiting... He went to every game and sat in the stands with his glove.
A::You know what... maybe I ran onto the field and hit a home run.
Q::... My father.
A::Did you tell him everything you wanted to?  Did you do everything you could while he was here?
Q::Isn't it illegal to drink and drive?
A::That's funny.  I wonder if you'll take two hundred and fifty dollars to fuck me?
Q::I sometimes fade out.
A::Oh... well, maybe we better synchronize our spells... or stagger them.
Q::Yes.
A::I have to change and take a shower first. If you want to come home and wait.
Q::Sera...
A::Let's face it, Ben, we're having fun here. I've never done so much talking in my life.
Q::I'm going to fill it right now.
A::Do you want to go gambling tonight? We could go out and play for a few hours.
Q::How'd this happen?
A::I was going real fast down on the beach and something slipped and everything got jammed up.
Q::Is he always such an ass?
A::He's the top defense attorney in the state. Of course he's an ass.
Q::I'm a Delta Gamma and I'm a huge fan of yours!
A::You took my class in LA. You had the best high kick I've ever seen. Are you one of my lawyers?
Q::Miss Windham, can you tell us what you'd been doing earlier in the day?
A::I got up, went to Starbucks, went to the gym, got a perm, and came home.
Q::Uh -- both?
A::Forget it. I've already spent too many hours crying over you.
Q::How can you still believe she's innocent?
A::You're going to trust the word of a woman who named her child after a condiment? She's ly-ing.
Q::Amazing how?
A::She could make you drop three pounds in one class. She's completely gifted!
Q::Now I am.
A::I feel like we've barely spent any time together since we got here.
Q::So, I hear the tart from California shot Heyworth.
A::Well, that's what we're trying to prove didn't happen. Do you have any reason to believe it did?
Q::Aside from the fact that he found her on an infomercial? She said they humped like gorillas. Chutney could hear them all the way in the pool house.
A::I' m sure that was very awkward for Chutney.  Much as it is for me, hearing you tell about it.
Q::Fool's magic.
A::Precisely.  Faith has persuaded them a pygmie with a sling can kill an armed giant.
Q::More fun win battle?
A::This is another victory, my friends. What began with the lash shall be concluded with a caress.
Q::Then why hide behind a mask?  You are ashamed!
A::I know no more of shame than I do of fear.  I wear this mask not for concealment but protection.
Q::What was that?  Did you hear that?
A::It's nothing.  My men take great delight in routing the enemy.  Don't trouble yourself, beauty.
Q::An' how you do it?  How you rift cuss?
A::I need your help.  In order to fight Blackheart, I must wear the armor of Achilles.  I --
Q::Damnation!  Codfish and cockles! Gammon and trotters!  You've bested me, Jack.
A::A riddle without an answer is but an empty cup when you're thirsty for wine.
Q::The princess is dead.
A::Lamentable news, Jack... but tis the fate of the living concerns us now.
Q::Twill take more than heart.  Where do we find the armor of Achilles, for a start?
A::I know where to find it.  Taking possession be another matter.
Q::Track the demon to his lair.
A::Aye.  And hang his foul hide up like dirty laundry for the drying.
Q::There... it seems to quit... I'll wager that war held other attractions quite apart from nursing.
A::Well... if the knight be already dead; what harm is there in... borrowing a thing or two?
Q::And this?  Some of their handiwork?
A::Nay.  That's but to distract the casual visitor.  A dwarf is too busy to suffer fools gladly.
Q::Don't like the feel of it, Jack.
A::It's your own fear troubles you... We're here, aren't we?  For all the dark magic protecting it.
Q::Tells you something 'bout him what lives there...
A::We'll need more siege machinery and longer scaling ladders.
Q::Why not mine the damned walls?
A::We do both.  Our frontal attack a diversion whilst we drive a tunnel under...
Q::Jack!
A::Tis a fair question.  If you be a virtuous maid the unicorn will lay his head in your lap.
Q::Tis the truth.
A::A maid must beware of flattery... Methinks you want to kiss me.
Q::There's no happier thought under heaven.
A::If I were your bride, would the kissing ever stop...?  Do you wish to marry me, Jack?
Q::Come closer then, Jack, that I might give you proper thanks.
A::Your fair smile be thanks enough. Better I stand afar to admire your beauty complete.
Q::Think me fair, do you, Jack?
A::The moon herself would hide behind a cloud rather than dare comparison with you...
Q::The moon is too round of face, methinks.
A::The sight of you makes flowers seem like dross.  All the heavenly angels must envy your grace.
Q::Were I a mortal girl, Jack, methinks I'd be in love with you.
A::Then I'd kiss you without turning my garments inside-out and sewing bells all over.
Q::The fastest in the world.
A::I know where to find him... He lies out on the marsh, raven-fodder; his horn torn from his head.
Q::In a dream.
A::Don't speak to me of dreams!  I feel I've been dreaming since the unicorn was killed.
Q::Not really.  No.  Kinda.  He got busted?
A::His parents took his car.  They're making him ride a bicycle the rest of the summer.
Q::Really?
A::He asked me to tell you that you owe him a hundred dollars.
Q::Oh, so you're in the big shit now!  Child abuse.  People go to prison for what you just did to me.
A::My dad used to play a game.  I never really understood what it was until after he was gone.
Q::I'm proud of you, Sam.
A::Don't be.  And hide whatever that new drug is you have.  I like it.
Q::You've never said that before.
A::I'll say a lot of things I've never said before.  It's habit.
Q::What are you talking about?
A::I'm sixteen years old.  I'm underage. How could I possibly threaten you?
Q::For the kind of money they charge here, you'd think they could hire somebody to actually wash the dishes.
A::Claude. Here's to your new job down at the bank. I always knew you'd make something of yourself.
Q::The Negro League don't pay so good. And you're always on the road. That don't wash with Daisy.
A::You gave up baseball to be a bank teller? I can't latch on to that.
Q::What do I want? What makes you think I want something?
A::My daddy always said when a man starts talking about the weather keep you hand on your wallet.
Q::Let it go, Claude.
A::I'm not gonna let it go. The man needs to explain himself. Makin' promises.
Q::What?!
A::You sure looked funny running for those pies, bullets flying all around you.
Q::What do you expect? It's almost as old as we are.
A::They oughta tear that shit down and ship them Yankees cross the river to Jersey.
Q::Don't tell me, I don't want to hear it. It's probably all fucked up, anyway.
A::You don't want to hear it, you don't want to hear it. There's no shame in that.
Q::Can't I get one of those steaks you got grilling back there?
A::Those are for trusties, unless you got thirty cents or two packs of cigs.
Q::Tell him the state of Mississippi is only interested in getting this ditch cleared by sundown.
A::State of Mississippi wants this ditch cleared by sundown. You got that?!
Q::Why do I get the feeling when you say some time, you mean some time.
A::I was already here a good many years when they came in in 1932.
Q::Respect? Well, isn't that progressive.
A::If somebody deserves respect, Mr. Pike, they receive it from me, convict or no convict.
Q::Yeah, it's getting late. I could sure use a bath.
A::That's a real nice watch you got there, sir. Fancy old thing even plays a little tune.
Q::Last night? What are you talking about, Ray?
A::I'm talking about old Satchmo nearly blew the roof off the joint.
Q::She goes to Parson's, right?
A::I would totally love to go there. But I hear it's really hard to get in.
Q::Okay, can I just ask you something? What do you know about your mom?
A::My brothers told me my mother was a mountain goat. Which would explain my chronic halitosis.
Q::What is it?
A::I'm not a hundred percent on that. God said when the time comes, you'll know what to do.
Q::What's Nicky doing down there?
A::Trying to capture his brother in a flask and preserve the balance of good and evil on Earth.
Q::Okay, just point me in the right direction next time.
A::Come on, there's like ten million people in this city and the clock is ticking.
Q::Dad, Adrian's got the whole city after me. He's always a step ahead. What am I gonna do?
A::What are you gonna do? Look at me, Nicky! I got no legs, I got no hips, I got one ear...
Q::You were gone ten seconds. What happened?
A::I got hit by a big light that was attached to a lot of metal.
Q::This don't look good.
A::Can't Beefy use his penis powers to get us out of this?
Q::It's "Comptoir Sud Pacific." Makes me feel like a hula girl. Which is kinda what I'm going for. Wanna come in?
A::No thanks. I'm looking for a girl named Valerie who also smells like coconuts.
Q::If I don't save him, I don't know what I'm gonna do.
A::Well, I'm sure a nice southern boy like you will figure something out.
Q::Can we go fly over Central Park?
A::Next time. Tonight, I want to share the most beautiful thing I could possibly imagine.
Q::I'm a Sandman!
A::I cut up a Sandman yesterday. They said I'd never get him... but I cut him up good, I did.
Q::Instead of what? Nine months inside a woman:  We're all raised the same but most of us don't become cubs in Cathedral.
A::Some people say children need human mothering.
Q::Maybe we're the first ones to get through...  Maybe Sanctuary is near, now... another protected place. It couldn't be outside.
A::How would anyone know? Even if we find it -- we can never go back.
Q::What are we promising him? What can we possibly give him?
A::He asked if we would bury him when his time comes.
Q::Okay. Thanks.
A::Nice to know they can't seem to get along without ya.
Q::Of course, it's Madison!!! Who else could it be?
A::I don't know. The guards say they've never seen him before.
Q::If he's not Madison, then where's Madison?
A::I've got men searching the building and the grounds now.
Q::I wouldn't know how.
A::You say you haven't seen your son since the day before yesterday?
Q::You're up early.
A::That dog woke me. I lay there for a while, then decided to get up.
Q::They're gonna cook him.
A::Andy's from Utah. He says there you have a choice... You can die by hanging or by firing squad.
Q::Yes, sir.
A::I'll dispatch a convoy to meet him.
Q::Uh-huh.
A::You see, from this vertebrae I shall be able to reconstruct the entire skeleton.
Q::Right this very minute!  The porters are waiting for us on the plateau. And that Chinaman thought he could stop me. Come along.
A::I think I'll stick around. I'll leave with the porters on their next trip.
Q::Where is your mad pilot?
A::He must have had a heart attack, or perhaps the fumes. When the plane landed he was dead.
Q::Only very rarely. You see, it would not be considered good manners to take a woman that another man wanted.
A::Suppose somebody wanted her so badly that he didn't give a hang if it was good manners or not?
Q::What exactly do you mean by "almost any time now"?
A::Well, we've been expecting this particular shipment for the past two years.
Q::I'll die if I have to stay here another minute! I've waited a long time for this chance to go, and you're not going to stop me now. If I have to, I'll go alone. It was I who bribed the porters. If it weren't for me, you'd never get out!
A::I thought the porters had instructions from the High Lama not to take anyone.
Q::George, what are you going to do?
A::I'm going to drag him out and force him to tell us what his game is.
Q::What's it mean?
A::It means we're in unexplored country - country nobody ever reached.
Q::was saying
A::Can't you shut up? Must you go on babbling like an idiot?
Q::Bob, can't you get them to wait for us? They're leaving us farther behind every day.
A::There's nothing that would suit them better than to lose us, but we must go on.  Come on.
Q::No. That's not possible! If we had landed, we all would have been awakened.
A::Of course. We never left the air. I know - I didn't sleep the whole night long.
Q::How does that help me?
A::Well... if you think about it, then it would mean that maybe everything he's saying is true.
Q::Okay.  If you've got a bug problem-a big one.  And they're swarming and there's no way to shoot them all individually... how do you get rid of them?
A::The only thing I could think of would be... you'd have to get rid of the queen.
Q::Hmnn... wall, it's funny, cause usually I'm not all that attracted to stupid guys, but--
A::But, unfortunately, you're even less attracted to guys you've never seen before.
Q::A good question.  And a simple answer.  No more hunger.  No more smog. No more overpopulation.  No more war.
A::And I assume you're bringing this to us because we're the most powerful country on the planet...
Q::John?  What is it?
A::How did I not see this?  Agatha, who killed you mother?  Who killed Anne Lively?
Q::So uh, if you were a plastic surgeon before...
A::How can I do what I do now?  Let's just say I spent a lot of time in the prison library.
Q::Danny Witwer is scheduled for a tour of Containment tomorrow --
A::So give him a tour.  He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions.
Q::I'm sorry Danny, but I'll have to give you the full tour later on.
A::Your secretaries were all kind enough to give me a look around the office...
Q::Really?  You've never been inside?
A::We keep a strict separation so that no one can accuse us of tampering.
Q::I find it interesting that some people have begun to deify the precogs.
A::The precogs are pattern recognition filters, nothing more.
Q::Flaws.
A::There hasn't been a murder in six years.  There's nothing wrong with the system.  It's perfect.
Q::Are these all of her previsions?
A::There's no way of knowing for sure. She could've forgotten whatever it is you're looking for...
Q::Where've you got him?  Is he all right?  Tell me, you fuck -- WHERE IS HE?!
A::I put him in a barrel and sunk him in the bay.
Q::You're talking about the precogs...
A::You think the three in the tank come from a test tube?  They're merely the ones who survived.
Q::So many of them... despite what we did for them.  Or maybe because of what we did to them.  It doesn't matter.  It's a perfect system now, isn't it?
A::I'm not a murderer.  I've never even met the man I'm supposed to kill.
Q::How did you get this?
A::I padded your expense account for the last six months.
Q::The information we need is embedded in the grain of wood.  And since each piece is unique, the shape and grain is impossible to duplicate.
A::I'm sure you've all grasped the legalistic drawback to precrime methodology.
Q::Why don't I feel like celebrating?
A::Cause all of a sudden you got no one you can fucking brown nose anymore.
Q::We could have lunch together.
A::I'd love to, but I've got an open house today at the Ressler place.
Q::You said in your divorce papers that he tried to kill himself.
A::It wasn't a suicide attempt.  I regret ever saying that.
Q::Women?
A::Yeah 'women.' If I was a fag I could get laid in a subway.
Q::What the fuck was that about?
A::You wanna get us busted? If Max found out you were turning tricks --
Q::What's his name?
A::Ruiz don't like using names on cell phones. He refers to him as the Red Dragon.
Q::They're fucking yeshiva buchas. You didn't have to tear up the goddamn place. You knocked out a guys teeth.
A::That prick tried to get Jessica to blow him in the bathroom --
Q::I already told you, I parked it for five minutes and I locked it with the club --
A::You want us to be wherever you want us to be, ASAP, no questions asked.
Q::Maxie says he runs a tight ship. I wouldn't fuck with him.
A::Some Mexican? How much could he weigh? A buck fifty, tops? I'd kick his fucking ass.
Q::I gotta pick up the baby.
A::Why do you always get stuck taking care of the kid.
Q::No, man. It wrinkles my shit. Let's grab a fuckin beer --
A::C'mon, man, not in front of the baby. Put on your seat belt before I get another ticket.
Q::Unless we're supposed to whack out the fuckin' pilot, I don't think we're gonna have to work in the next five hours.
A::I don't want to show up hammered. We're supposed to be representing Max.
Q::How much is it?
A::How much? Okay. Make it fifteen minutes and you can add on a ten dollar tip. Bye.
Q::I know you're not calling Jimmy.
A::As a matter of fact I was. You got a problem with that?
Q::You just don't fucking get it, do you?
A::You know he fucks all his girls, don't you?
Q::We're not getting whacked.
A::Why else you think he won't tell us where the sit down is?
Q::Wanna bet?
A::You couldn't even get a hand job from bridge and tunnel posse, how you gonna get a gun?
Q::Calm down.
A::I fucking vouched for you. I vouched for you and you fucked me.
Q::Coke?
A::I've heard you've got the best coke in the States. The shit back home is pants.
Q::You want... Why are you picking on me?
A::Because you lost my fucking carpet cleaning van and I don't like you.
Q::Yeah. That fernet tastes like tar. My grandfather tried to give me that.
A::Some fuckin guineas he sent me. It's midnight and the motherfucker's ordering an apertif.
Q::You ain't bullshitting me, is you, boy?
A::My papa taught me one thing: don't never bullshit a West Indian bullshit artist.
Q::I like your heart and I like your style. You might just do, Little. Lessen you got to git back to that train job.
A::I done told the man what he could do with his train.
Q::I don't know. It doesn't matter. The thing is we got to get you back on your feet.
A::Yeah. I got a couple a new angles ain't been figured yet. All I need's a stake and a  chance --
Q::Why? Why does everybody conk?
A::Cause I don't want to walk around with my head all nappy, looking like --
Q::What you sniffing around for? I told you I gave you your last fix.
A::I ain't never seen a cat like you. Ain't you scared talking like that in front of an ofay?
Q::Let's go.
A::Why? Is it because of your white gal? Folks say you're running around town with her.
Q::You had the number.
A::Baby, I got to let this old man win. Keep the faith, and tell Billie I'll see her later.
Q::What am I doing here?
A::Believe it or not, you're safe here. The Judicial police will kill you. If they can.  This page?
Q::[Senor?]
A::[It's a permit to carry a gun in Columbia. The gun you're about to find in that suitcase.]
Q::What do you know about the cop? Tazinari. The one who made the ransom drop with Samuel Ramos?
A::He's an old fashioned patrone with the worst reputation. He's high on my hit list.
Q::[Who pays you?]
A::[We have an ATM bank card. We draw out 300 dollars every two weeks.]
Q::You got a secondary search and you had a gun.
A::Listen it was a calculated risk. I've done it a million times and never got caught.
Q::You're fast.
A::Once I get in the water but not starting off. By the time I catch up, it's too late.
Q::The blocks.
A::I'm a prisoner in them. Until the gunshot sets me free.
Q::Where are you?
A::Los Arcos. Was a little girl kidnapped recently? About twelve maybe?
Q::And Lisa will be able to save face. We won't be the only family without a bodyguard.
A::Her beauty fucks with your mind.
Q::[And as long as we're talking information, there's something else as well.]
A::[I should start going for your tits first.]
Q::You wanna have a drink before we start dancing?
A::Listen. You people go grab a table. I'll be back inna minute. I'll be right back.
Q::Not a bad crowd tonight, you know?
A::There was one nice-looking one there inna black dress and beads, but she's dancing now.
Q::Yeah, she looks all right from here.
A::Well, waddaya say, you wanna ask them? I'll take the one inna green dress.
Q::We gotta postcard from my son Nickie and his bride. They're inna big hotel in Florida on their honeymoon. Everything is very nice.
A::That's nice. I gotta letter from my husband's cousin in Abruzzi. His mother died.
Q::Ufa!
A::I keep one eye open when I sleep, because she's gonna come in, stab me in my bed.
Q::I cry a lot too. I'm a big cryer.
A::This is something recent with me, this bursting into tears at the least thing.
Q::Where do you think a mother-in-law should go?
A::I don't think a mother should depend so much upon her children for her rewards in life.
Q::I always figure a guy oughta marry a girl who's twenny years younger than he is so that when he's forty, his wife is a real nice-looking doll.
A::That means he'd have to marry the girl when she was one year old.
Q::The nurses Leo and me picked up last night. We got a date with them tonight.
A::You still owe me ten bucks from last week, if that's what you're working up to.
Q::Tommy!
A::I'll see you at mass tomorrow. We'll sit down and we'll discuss the whole thing.
Q::Once a month you couldn't let her use the kitchen!
A::I told her she could use the kitchen any time she wanted...
Q::You boys'll have to go to work early.
A::You fixing to add overtime to a twelve- hour day? The union ain't gonna like it.
Q::I have great interest for America, his peoples and his custom.
A::Good, because we got a fine old American custom we want to teach you. You know what these are?
Q::We got to stop them right here.
A::And get ourselves another touchdown to win.  I wish to hell we knew what they were plotting.
Q::Well, there it is. Jesus!
A::The spot we picked to spend the winter. Maybe we ought to look a little harder.
Q::Colonel Blake, have no fear. Hawkeye and Duke are here.
A::That's right, pal. You just sit up front and sign the mail, and leave the cutting to us.
Q::Little light reading matter. Just right for his age.
A::Well, southern boy, I suppose you want the sack that's convenient to the door.
Q::We've stuck it out for a whole week now... Pretty girl.
A::We sure don't aim to cause any trouble... Yeah, she seems to grow on you.
Q::Y'all just act natural.
A::Get out the scotch, Ho-Jon.  Don't mention the sex thing unless he brings it up.
Q::I guess that's why you go for Hot Lips Houlihan.
A::You know damn well I nearly puke when I look at her. I don't even think she's a real blonde.
Q::Where the hell we going to get us a football team?
A::All three of us played for our schools. And there are at least four other guys...
Q::What for?
A::We need medical officers for short- arm inspection starting the first afternoon out.
Q::Let me translate. I've had some exposure to the language. The young man is from Brooklyn and he wants us to vacate this vehicle.
A::But weren't you supposed to meet the surgeons who are going to slice up the Congressman's son?
Q::So what makes you think he'll play for us?
A::We'll cut him in on the bets we make. And still have enough profit to send Ho-Jon to college.
Q::Captain Pierce, would I be imposing...?
A::Honey, nobody as pretty as you could ever impose... please sit down. Coffee?
Q::You're on his side all of the sudden?
A::A man would be more considerate. He wouldn't come home to his wife a nervous wreck.
Q::What do you care? You'll be on your way to Japan.
A::I'm fond of Painless, and I'd feel terrible if anything happened to him...
Q::I don't liking it at all, what I hear when I listen to the heart. And such a blood pressure for so young a boys. Is frightening.
A::I'm sorry to hear that. You think he's unfit for military service?
Q::Stop acting like a colonel, Henry. You know Trapper wouldn't sock him without a good reason.
A::There's no reason good enough for one medical officer to strike another.
Q::If you say so, Henry. But remember my claustrophobia.
A::I deeply regret this unfortunate incident. We try to remember we're a military organization.
Q::What's wrong with you?
A::I don't know. I must have lost my punch. I didn't think the son-of-a- bitch would get up.
Q::Dammit, Radar, wait till I call you! Tell Major Burns...
A::One of the surgeons from the day shift will have to stay on duty tonight?
Q::If I can make a suggestion, Coach.
A::The way I run an organization, any man in it has the right to speak his mind.
Q::Planes mostly. May take a crack at rickshaws. How does the direct approach work over here?
A::I been out of action since I got over here five months ago.
Q::As long as there's a pile-up, we can do our bit to encourage his permanent withdrawal from the contest.
A::It's a technique Ugly John and I worked out in case something like this came up.
Q::You're a couple o' sticks shy in your column, Ann.
A::A big, rich slob like D. B. Norton buys a paperand forty heads are chopped off!
Q::Did you get it, too?
A::Yeah. You, too? Oh, Joe . . . oh, I'm sorry darling . . . why don't we tear the building down!
Q::Ba-ll!
A::I don't know how you're gonna stand it around here till after Christmas.
Q::Well, sir, about a dozen families got together and gave Grubbel a job watering their lawns. Isn't that wonderful? And then we found jobs for six other people and they've all gone off relief!
A::Yeh. Er, and my boss, Mr. Schwabacker made a job in his warehouse for old man Delaney
Q::Sure, you are.
A::No, sir. That spot under the bridge where we slept last night's good enough for me.
Q::Hey, stop worrying, Colonel. Fifty bucks ain't going to ruin me.
A::I seen plenty of fellers start out with fifty bucks and wind up with a bank account!
Q::What are you doing up here then?
A::Well, the paper said there were some jobs around loose. Thought there might be one left over.
Q::What happened? Is there a problem?
A::May I come in? I would just like to ask you a couple of questions.
Q::God damn it! I still needed to case that fucking store. It's too risky to show my face now.
A::I got a couple thousand bucks. You could leave town.
Q::Who's controlling your mind?
A::Whoa!... The government. They control everybody's mind. You're too fucking stupid to know that?
Q::That's right, and a plane waiting at the airport. If he doesn't...
A::...get 'em, he's going to start shooting hostages in five minutes...
Q::We got a guy who's probably on drugs. He's got a record of 459's and he was busted on possession. But he's never been busted on a major felony. What's his demeanor?
A::Well he's a little fucking agitated -- he ripped the phone out.
Q::Same here. I've watched you in action. Very impressive.
A::You've got a lot of hard work ahead of you if you want to be a negotiator.
Q::No. Actually I think it's fucking crazy, I don't know if I could do it.
A::Thanks for clearing that up.  I hear your former girlfriend is going out with Greg Barnett.
Q::Tell me what you need.
A::I need you to bring me the scumbag who ran off with my wife so I can cut off his nuts.
Q::This baseball player you're going out with...  He's no good for you.
A::Really?! He's a wonderful guy. He makes two million a year, and he worships me.
Q::And a car.
A::Hey, you just got a five thousand dollar raise. Get a car of your own.
Q::The chief says to tell you how sorry he is. He knew Sam Baffert was a good man.
A::He said he was just going up to talk to him. He said...  I want to be put on this case.
Q::What do you want?
A::I have found in life that what one wants isn't nearly as important as what one needs.
Q::He had keys.
A::Of course the legend would like to think that.  But no one has keys.  Your maze was run.
Q::Corporate fingerprints all over it.
A::Of course they are.  Christoph was stealing every piece of code he could get his hands on.
Q::So how can we get to it?
A::The only way to obtain the power is to achieve the highest state of being...
Q::Release the power with the power.
A::I've got it!  We use the mirrors to reflect the light back into itself!!
Q::The commission don't decide how I spend my honeymoon.
A::Hey, I ignore my wife too. But on our honeymoon I paid attention.
Q::I got my partner in there!
A::I cannot bear to look at that hideous suit one minute more.
Q::Who'll make the rules?
A::We'll make 'em, and we'll enforce 'em. All of us. Together. We all get one vote. Includin' me.
Q::You boys carryin' pieces?
A::You tryin' ta tell me something? I don't come to a meet with a weapon unless it's with an enemy.
Q::The terms will be mine.
A::The guy doin' the job names the price. If you don't like it, you can kill Masseria yourself.
Q::Best we got.
A::Awww... deep down I'm a bastard, but when ya got eight kids ya can't make enemies.
Q::"4/17: Subject, when unaware of observation, prefers to hold eating utensils...with feet. Successfully carves turkey roll holding eating utensils...with feet."
A::They had a case like that at Johns Hopkins. Wires got crossed between hands and feet.
Q::You're mad at me. Great. You have every right to be. But we're both mad at Dark Town. We're both mad at Hypnos.
A::Oh, sure. Now you're gonna tell me it was all <u>his</u> idea. You were completely innocent -
Q::Aaah, it's the same as always...poor mope's just wishin' he was me.
A::I've been trying to get through to the head guy - the nightmare god - what's his name?
Q::Stu, you have my <u>absolute confidence</u>. - DEAD MAN! DEAD MAN WALKING!!
A::i></i> I've got one chance to get back to Julie, and I'm gonna take it - with or without you.
Q::What happened?
A::Poor man had to leave town.  And I hear that other women came forward.
Q::--what possible explanation can you offer for this charge being--as you say--"trumped up" against you!
A::It was done to stop me from talking about a section of the Appropriations Bill!
Q::Diz, you're a swell playmate--but--. Maybe if I saw you once with your hair combed, or something--or--no, no--I don't think even that would do it--
A::Well, if you're sure it wouldn't--no use combing my hair for nothing.
Q::Terrific! A born stooge! Horace'll perform like a trained seal.
A::Jim--if I fling a party man like Horace in the face of those angry committees--
Q::*You won't?*
A::I *won't* let you stand there callously and perhaps wreck my whole political future!
Q::Well, he's still running the show, ain't he, Dad?
A::Emma! I will not have conversations of this sort carried on by the children at dinner!
Q::Mr. President--
A::He has imputed to me conduct unworthy a Senator--and I demand he be made to yield the floor--!
Q::One moment, Senator. Do I understand you're going to present a *Bill*?
A::Sure! A Bill. Senator Paine and I decided it was the one way in the world I could make myself--
Q::*Gentlemen*! Gentlemen are supposed to believe in something decent. Instead of twisting facts and making a joke of everything--why don't you tell the people the *truth* for a change?
A::The truth! Well, the man wants the truth! "What *is* truth?" asked so-and-so, and turned away!
Q::I don't understand, sir! I don't know what the gentleman--
A::The Senator has no voice in this chamber until the oath of office has been administered!
Q::"--We hold these truths to be self- evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights--"  Well--looks like the night shift's comin' on.
A::The Senator will please suspend until order is restored in the chamber.
Q::One moment, friends, let's give the Senator a break.  Now, where'd you say you studied law?
A::Well--I haven't needed much law so far--what I'd like to get first is a little common sense--
Q::Well, when I first came to Washington, my eyes were big, blue question marks-- now they're big, green dollar marks--
A::I see. All right. You finish this job properly--and you get a handsome bonus besides--
Q::Joe--I've got a lot of people to take care of in this State.
A::I know, but is it worth the risk of a scandal now that a new man is going to the Senate?
Q::You won't stand for it?
A::I don't want any part of crucifying this boy.
Q::Yeah, Mr. Cobb said stick to your tail no matter what.
A::That's very nice of Mr. Cobb - but I don't want anybody sticking to my tail no matter what.
Q::Oh, I don't know.
A::You must have met a lot of swell society girls since you've been here. Don't you like them?
Q::Marvelous!  "At two o'clock this morning, Mr. Deeds tied up traffic while he fed a bagful of doughnuts to a horse. When asked why he was doing it, he replied: 'I just wanted to see how many doughnuts this horse would eat before he'd ask for a cup of coffee.'"  Beautiful! What happened after that?
A::I don't know. I had to duck to get the story out. He was so far along he never even missed me.
Q::You're a genius, Babe - a genius!
A::I even moved into Mabel Dawson's apartment - in case old snoopy Cobb might start looking around.
Q::He'll probably kick me right down the stairs. I only hope he does.
A::I'll put you on another job. You need never see him again, eh?
Q::No?
A::I was wondering where they're going to get another tuba player for the band.
Q::Well, you see, your uncle didn't bother with that sort of thing. He left everything to us. He traveled most of the time, and enjoyed himself. You should do the same thing, Mr. Deeds.
A::Besides wanting to be my lawyer, you also want to handle my investments too?
Q::Arthur! Who's Arthur?
A::He's the shipping clerk at the Tallow Works. Wants a $2 raise - or he'll quit.
Q::I don't remember. "Cinderella Man!" What do they mean by that?
A::They'd call you anything if you gave them half a chance. They've got you down as a sap.
Q::Yes, sir.
A::That's awful. The poor woman should be taken care of immediately.
Q::It would be a nice night to go for a walk, don't you think?
A::Oh yes, I think it'd be a swell night to go for a walk. A nice long one.
Q::I'd better call her up and apologize. I don't remember taking her home last night.
A::I'd venture to say, sir, you don't remember much of anything that happened last night, sir.
Q::But they're certainly dead. And yes, personally, I find it a bit odd.
A::It could happen. What about his state certification exams? The records seem to be in order.
Q::Interesting approach. What was his name?
A::Dorothy Fowler. Fantastic woman. She passed last year in a train wreck. Damned Amtrak.
Q::How are you?
A::Insane! Didn't ja hear? My family got five hundred times better.  Let's go, Vanessa.
Q::Well... you see, the problem is --
A::-- the problem is you're a big fake. You haven't got a clue what's wrong with that girl.
Q::Feel free to lie down. Most people do.
A::I'd better not, I'll fall right to sleep. I think it's too soon for me to be sleeping with you.
Q::What would you do?
A::We... we would try several things. But I need to see you a lot.
Q::You have the best answer for everything.  You seem so... hopeful. Are you always this sunny?
A::No one ever thought so. You must bring it out.
Q::Oh.
A::I want to spend the rest of my life with you... but I'm not sure you feel the same way.
Q::I've got three big ones.
A::I'm impressed. I couldn't make three million dollars if I lived three lifetimes.
Q::Hey, Skip.
A::Doc. I know we're not supposed to get together till Wednesday...
Q::That was a terrible thing.
A::I don't even know why hang-gliding is considered a legitimate sport.
Q::So your sayin', if we find the book made outta gold --
A::-- And read the sacred incantations contained inside it.
Q::I wouldn't trade ya for a brass spittoon!
A::Yeah! It's supposed to be made outta pure gold!
Q::I will give you one hundred pounds to spare his life.
A::I would pay one hundred pounds just to see him hang.
Q::I don't believe in fairy tales and hokum, Mister O'Connell, but I do believe that one of the most famous books in history is buried out there, The Book Of The Living. It's what first interested me in Egypt as a child. It's why I came here, sort of a life's pursuit.
A::And the fact that they say it's made out of pure gold, makes no nevermind to you, right?
Q::That's what I am to you? A contract?
A::You can either tag along with me, or you can stay here and play around with Mister Maggot.
Q::Juicy?
A::Yes. He's more than four thousand years old and still decomposing.
Q::Whoever's in here, sure wasn't getting out.
A::No kiddin', without a key, it'll take us a month to crack this thing,
Q::Did you see that!? Grasshoppers! Billions of grasshoppers!
A::That's one of the plagues, right? The grasshopper plague!
Q::We gotta get her back.
A::I'm with you, old man. No one touches my sister like that and gets away with it.
Q::Okay, now what the hell does this Horus guy look like?
A::He's a big fellow with pointy ears and a face like a falcon.
Q::And what's that?
A::That I've hot wired the city's entire power supply through that catwalk.
Q::The cape. The turban. She wouldn't understand.
A::I know... My girlfriends all dumped me after I put on the mask. They thought I'd lost it.
Q::I'm liking this.
A::I say we send out the word -- and summon all of the unsung superheroes we know!
Q::Do we have to?
A::I got this cousin. He's a real doofus, but he claims he can become invisible.
Q::What do you mean?
A::I know absolutely nothing of war -- and I am still totally dependent upon my generals.
Q::Would you be prepared to handle this for me?
A::Are you proposing to transfer command to me?
Q::When you eat him, may I have some?
A::My God -- don't you recognize Mouton -- our regimental dog?  I would rather eat Cossack.
Q::And he sent you to me?
A::He said no one had the authority to rescind the order except you.
Q::I'm sorry that I am unable to offer you better hospitality, but this is the only place I have inhabited for the past month.
A::You have made such excellent use of it; I should think you will hate to leave it.
Q::Thank you, Napoleon.
A::Francis, may I ask whether you wear warm winter underwear?
Q::Then what brings you out on such a night?
A::Well, one must do something to live, you know -- and I have an elderly mother who depends on me.
Q::Oh, I see... That must be a great burden.
A::One must take life as it comes -- do you live in Lyon, sir?
Q::I know of no better time.
A::You can't be serious.  It would not be good to become another husband out of a Moliere farce.
Q::I hope you will forgive me for barging in on you like this, Madame de Beauharnais.  I called to bring this to your son, but I understand from your charming daughter that he is out for the afternoon.
A::Yes, I'm afraid he is.  I believe he is riding.  I know he'll be heartbroken to have missed you.
Q::And now?
A::Now, I know that I shall die if you leave me.
Q::Why did you give it to him?
A::I thought he would be seeing you before I would, and would give it to you.
Q::Well, whatever the hell you wanted to do, you are going to tell me everything right now.  Do you understand?!
A::You know that... letter you showed me in Milan -- the one about Hippolyte Charles?
Q::If I have given you any cause to be insulted, monsieur, may I offer you immediate satisfaction?
A::If you wish to put things on that basis, then I will say good day to you, monsieur.
Q::You know it's been over a year since we kicked it last?  Up at the family reunion.
A::I know, that's when Uncle Elroy cussed out everybody, and threw up in Aunt Faye's backseat.
Q::Restraining order?  Where the hell you meet this girl?
A::I went back to Watts to sell my old car and met her on the way.  Worst day of my life.
Q::Thanks a lot, Craig.
A::I know we cousins and all, but don't try an' hook me up with the big little sisters.
Q::You sure you don't wanna stay?
A::Naw, I'm got live ghetto fabulous.  make sure you get that car fixed.
Q::I can't get jiggy with this shit.  Where is the damn manager?
A::Sir, the manager stepped out for a moment.  I'm currently running the store. Can I see the CD?
Q::What it say?
A::Ever since my momma died the bills are always late.
Q::You come way out here to get into more trouble.  You could've stayed at home.
A::Willie, shut up.  Yo' old ass need to get in a little bit o' trouble sometimes.
Q::Are you sure?
A::I've heard this speech a lot. Come on. We'll take care of him.  We will.
Q::Why don't you tell me about the early years some other time?
A::I'm sorry. You understand I don't mind dying if I could save my daughter. I mean that.
Q::For the last time, I don't want it cleaned. Now get the hell out of here!
A::It's already done. I've already done it. You have to pay me now.
Q::Foreigners! Fuck!
A::Frogs. They copy our blue jeans and when we need their help in Kuwait, where the fuck are they?
Q::'Twas down at Cresap's Landing, Along the River Shore, Birdie Steptoe was a Pilot in the good old days of yore. Now he sets in his old wharf-boat...
A::When'll Dad's skiff be ready?
Q::Can't hear ye, boy.  ...So the big boats heave a sigh, They blow for Uncle Birdie...
A::When'll the skiff be ready?
Q::Plan on a longer visit next time.
A::You don't hardly get settled till you're frettin' to git home again.
Q::What can we do, Mother?
A::I thought if you went and talked to him -- another man --
Q::Twenty-five wives!
A::And he killed every last one of 'em!
Q::I declare, you'll let that money haunt you to your grave, Willa Harper!
A::I would love to be satisfied Harry Powell don't think I've got that money somewhere.
Q::Story, honey? Why, what story?
A::About them Kings. That the Queen found down on the sandbar in the skiff that time.
Q::John's bad.
A::Where's the money hid? Tell me, you little wretch, or I'll tear your arm off!
Q::Shall I tell ye the little story of Right-Hand-Left-Hand -- the tale of Good and Evil?
A::It was with this left hand that old brother Cain struck the blow that laid his brother low --
Q::He never asked me for nothin'.
A::He must have wanted somethin', Ruby. A man don't waste time on a girl unless he gets something.
Q::Sometimes I wish you didn't live right across the street.
A::Shut up and let me in. You ever stand on a rose trellis in your bare feet?
Q::Me!? Why would anyone want to kill me?!
A::Don't ask -- just give me some help nailing this guy when I bring him out.
Q::Maybe god's punishing us all...
A::Keep your head -- this is a fucking flesh and blood killer we're talking about.
Q::Go even crazier?
A::I don't think you're going crazy -- and stop drinking that damn coffee!
Q::Did you ask Daddy to have the hat examined?
A::I threw that filthy thing away -- I don't know what you're trying to prove with it, but --
Q::When did you have a nightmare?
A::Guys can have nightmares too, y'know. You ain't got a corner on the fucking market or something.
Q::Aren't you late?
A::No, the opera starts an hour later tonight on account of the parade.
Q::When you get up you put on a negligee, and then you change to a morning frock.
A::You mean to tell me you wear a different dress for different times of the day?
Q::It is, Ninotchka! It is! He must have been in Paris! You can see it in his whole attitude! He just picked up a crumb of our black bread, shook his head, and dropped it.
A::If you asked him why he left France I bet he couldn't name one good reason.
Q::Good evening, Your Highness.
A::Good evening, Louis. You seem to be very crowded tonight. Can you manage a table near the floor?
Q::We can wait.
A::Do we give the impression of people who are pressed for money?
Q::This is a fine thing. Maybe we've missed him already.
A::How can you find somebody without knowing what he looks like?
Q::There's something in Constantinople... something irresistible....
A::...it is in the air... it may come around the corner as you walk down the street....
Q::We haven't anything to discuss with you. We'll talk to a lawyer!
A::All right -- go ahead... you talk to the lawyer and I'll talk to the judge!
Q::Do not misunderstand me. I do not hold your frivolity against you.  As basic material you might not be bad, but you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture. I feel sorry for you.
A::You must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles... It glitters!
Q::Then you don't want me to go there.
A::Now I didn't say that either... naturally nothing would please me more.
Q::He looks sad. Do you whip him?
A::No, though the mere thought makes my mouth water.
Q::And what do you do for mankind?
A::For mankind not a thing -- for womankind the record is not quite so bleak.
Q::Oh, let it ring.
A::But one of your friends may be in need of you. You must answer.
Q::Those newspaper people?
A::You'd be surprised how many nice people dine with the Guizots.
Q::Oh, Leon!
A::Sweetheart, we won't have to bother about our future if you are willing to raffle off your past!
Q::You saw all that in one glimpse?
A::Darling, if we're going to get anywhere someone has to keep his eyes open! 
Q::All right, I'll listen.
A::I know you hate the obvious but do you mind if, at this moment, I'm not in the least subtle?
Q::Unfortunately.
A::Under Soviet law the jewels belong to the State. France is going to uphold that ownership.
Q::Sir, the charges are serious -- first, abuse of power; second, obstruction of justice; third, failure to cooperate with Congress; and last, bombing Cambodia ...
A::They can't impeach me for bombing Cambodia.  The President can bomb anybody he wants.
Q::How much do you need?
A::Uh, I would say these people are going to cost a million dollars over the next two years ...
Q::Excuse me ... Are you talking about recognizing China, Mr. President? That would cost us our strongest support.
A::No ... I can do this because I've spent my whole career building anti Communist credentials.
Q::He's begging for a meeting, chief.  He wants to go overseas for awhile.
A::Well, no place where they speak English.  That way he can always say he was misquoted.
Q::No, you're not!  You're going to claim executive privilege and you're going to stonewall it all the way -- plead the Fifth Amendment.  I don't give a shit.  They can't force the President's people to testify.
A::Executive privilege will make it look like we're covering up.
Q::You're all set, sir.  Just push this button.  Good night, Mr. President.
A::You know, Al, men in your profession ... you give 'em a pistol and you leave the room.
Q::Your lawyers feel it's the ... "smoking gun."
A::It's totally out of context.  I was protecting the national security.  I never intended --
Q::Christ, you're right -- Gray makes Jerry Ford look like Mozart.  Just have Helms call him.  Helms can scare anybody.
A::The only problem with that, sir -- it gets us into obstruction of justice.
Q::The Jews aren't the middle, Henry. They're the far left.
A::You're talking too much about black Africa, Henry.  It's killing us with the rednecks.
Q::You played it perfectly, sir -- cocksucker!  He's going to think twice before he leaks again.
A::He'll be looking in his toilet bowl every time he pulls the chain.
Q::Oh, no, Harold.  He doesn't respond well to humor.  Maybe if you talk to Mother she can ...
A::I'd rather get a whipping than have another talk with her.  Anything but a talk with her.
Q::Current levels may not be sufficient.
A::The President would support a reasonable request for an increase.
Q::Yeah, well, as I said, Edgar ...
A::You asked if you could count on my support ... As long as I can count on yours.
Q::Mein Kampf?
A::"A warrior with nerves of steel is yet broken by a thread of silk." Nietzsche.
Q::Let's get the fuck out of here, shall we, ladies?
A::Anything goes wrong, head for your homes, just sit tight -- you'll hear from me or Howard.
Q::You know, Mr. Chairman, at Harvard I used your writings in my class.
A::What a waste of time.  My writings mean absolutely nothing.
Q::You're too modest, Nixon.  You're as evil as I am.  We're both from poor families.  But others pay to feed the hunger in us.  In my case, millions of reactionaries.  In your case, millions of Vietnamese.
A::Civil war is always the cruelest kind of war.
Q::Uh, wait ...
A::You need her, Dick -- in '60 she was worth five, six million votes.
Q::Bernstein.
A::Who the fuck are they?  Bob, are you working on revoking the Posts's television license?  Good.
Q::I sure am.  The goddamned missile crisis united the whole country behind Kennedy.  And he was supporting Brown. People were scared, that's why.
A::I suppose Castro staged the whole thing just to beat you.
Q::This is just what they want, Buddy. Don't you see it?  They want to drive us apart.  To beat us.  We can't let them do it.  We've been through too much together, Buddy ... We belong together.
A::That's what you said the first time we met.  You didn't even know me.
Q::No, I don't.  I'm not Jack ...
A::But they never will, Dick.  No matter how many elections you win, they never will.
Q::Hey, you know Henry Kissinger -- he's down from Harvard.  On my staff, foreign policy whiz ...
A::No, but I liked your book on nuclear weapons.  We have similar views on the balance of power ...
Q::You heard my -- you havin' fun with me?
A::What give you that idea. I seen one of the cats heard it.
Q::I am older.
A::Got a letter from your wife. She writes pretty regular, tells me the family news.
Q::How fresh is this coffee?
A::I generally make a fresh pot ever week even if there's some left over.
Q::Hard to believe.
A::Strolls right back into a crime scene. Who would do such a thing? How do you defend against it?
Q::He won't neither. He never has.
A::I wish I could say that was in his favor. But I have to say I don't think it is.
Q::Yes ma'am, I do.
A::Llewelyn would never ask for help. He never thinks he needs any.
Q::Yes, appears to have been a glitch or two.
A::What calibers you got there, Sheriff?
Q::I'm goin' to try and keep from it as much as I can.
A::He's goin' back out there and he wanted to know if you wanted to go with him.
Q::I thought it was a car afire.
A::It is a car afire. But Wendell said there was something back country too.
Q::I need to know that.
A::You keep running that mouth I'm gonna take you in the back and screw you.
Q::So... for how long do we have to...
A::Baby, at what point would you quit botherin' to look for your two million dollars?
Q::I'm waitin' to hear your description of that.
A::There's somebody lookin' for me. Not police. Just call me if anyone else checks in tonight.
Q::Yessir.
A::If your expenses run higher I hope you'll trust us for it.
Q::Lookin' for what's comin'.
A::Yeah but no one ever sees that. I like a man that'll tell you he's married.
Q::Could I have that in American?
A::It's a type of altered state... it allows a traumatized person to continue functioning.
Q::Did you send anyone out there?
A::You bet I did. I got a squad car on the way to the reservation right now.
Q::Bad idea...
A::You just go write your little story, Roy. I'll handle the police work...
Q::Well, I certainly would have heard about that.
A::Of course, he's only here two days a week. He's also on staff over at Loma Vista.
Q::Did you watch it yet?
A::Sure did. I'll tell you, if that man was any better looking it'd be a crime 'a some sort...
Q::What?
A::He wasn't going to let us use it, so I just took it.
Q::You never gave us a chance...
A::I know that. I can't tell you how many times I've said that to myself in those exact words.
Q::Carleton School of Nursing. Two semesters, but Del made me give it up...
A::Alright, okay... I think you broke the record for staying in character about three hours ago.
Q::I just want everything to be perfect between us.
A::I know. Listen, we need to take a time out here. Can we talk seriously for a minute?
Q::You're not on that soap opera thing again, are you? 'Cause you know what that is?
A::It's people with no lives watching other people's fake lives.
Q::I'm getting back with my ex-fianc. He proposed to me right around here, so I guess this is just sort of a sentimental stop...
A::Wait, I thought you said you'd never been outta Kansas...
Q::Ellen, this is the biggest thing I've ever done, but I've gotta do it.
A::You take care of yourself then, Betty, and don't let anybody stop you...
Q::You're hurting him!!
A::I'm massaging his heart. I saw it done once.
Q::It's lovely... I really like your aquarium.
A::Yeah, well, at least fish don't use your razor or pee on the seat...
Q::...so, we'll hit the library first and fan out from there. They've got all the L.A. phone books, plus medical directories...  We're not gonna let him hide from you any more, okay? I'm making this my personal mission.
A::David isn't hiding from me, I left him standing at the altar six years ago and now I'm...
Q::Your husband?!
A::Yes, I had a husband and he was killed two weeks ago in my kitchen. I was right there...
Q::What part of Dixie are you from, Duane?
A::Georgia. In case I didn't tell you, it's cash only, gentlemen.
Q::He goin' crazy on us, or what?
A::Did you know the most brutal, inhumane prison of the entire war was in Georgia?
Q::Wise beyond her years, I'm sure, and such poise, too.  Very, very impressive...
A::Well, then, did you ever get any indication that she wanted to leave her husband?
Q::Let's get out of here. We got another long drive ahead of us.  ...the fuck where I do not know, but I know it's gonna be long.
A::Betty would never dress like that. She's not some trailer park slut!
Q::What?
A::They paid us half. They still owe us half...
Q::Right, uhh... I feel terrible about this, we have a prior engagement at another party.  But... I'd be honored if you'd come.
A::Yeah, bring your friend along. I'm sure you got a lot of catching up to do...
Q::Can I have an evil twin?
A::No, George, we've already done that with Lonnie. The blind one last year, remember?
Q::You've got to be missing a piece of your soul to kill someone. That's not our Betty...
A::...why do you think you have to be missing a piece of your soul to kill somebody?
Q::God, that sounds so familiar. Ravell, Ravell... where's he out of?
A::I'm not sure now. She said he used to be over at Loma Vista. I never heard of it.
Q::Did Chloe crack?
A::Totally. She came apart like a house of cards. They dropped the charges...
Q::I see. And are you in touch with Mrs. Sizemore?
A::No. But I'm taping her show every day so she can watch it when she comes back.
Q::Well that's it boys, I been redeemed! The preacher warshed away all my sins and transgressions. It's the straight-and-narrow from here on out and heaven everlasting's my reward!
A::Delmar what the hell are you talking about? - We got bigger fish to fry-
Q::Preacher said my sins are warshed away, including that Piggly Wiggly I knocked over in Yazoo!
A::I thought you said you were innocent a those charges.
Q::Uh, we uh-
A::We're adventurers, sir, currently pursuin' a certain opportunity but open to others as well.
Q::Hit by a train! Truth means nothin' to Woman, Delmar. Triumph a the subjective!  You ever been with a woman?
A::Well, uh, I - I gotta get the family farm back before I can start thinkin' about that.
Q::So - where's all the money from your armored-car job?
A::I never knocked over any armored- car. I was sent up for practicing law without a license.
Q::Huh. I guess they'll tack on fifty years for me too.
A::Boys, we was chained together. I hadda tell ya somethin'. Bustin' out alone was not a option!
Q::YOU LOUSY YELLA-BELLIED LOW-DOWN SKUNKS-
A::Now hold on, Pete, we gotta speak with one voice here - CAREFUL WITH THAT FIRE NOW, BOYS!
Q::...Nah, that ain't right... I'm thinkin' of...
A::...I believe, unless I'm very much mistaken - see, we've been away for several years, uh...
Q::They lured me out for a bathe, then they dunked me'n trussed me up like a hog and turned me in for the bounty.
A::I shoulda guessed it - typical womanly behavior. Just lucky we left before they came for us.
Q::But...
A::Damnit, I just hadda bust out! My wife wrote me she was gettin' married! I gotta stop it!
Q::Mayo, the rest of your class knows about candidate Worley, and we're all sorry.
A::Sir, this officer candidate requests permission to speak to you in private.
Q::I don't know what it is. It could be anything.
A::But you knew right off what I was talking about, didn't you, Paula! Did you let that boy --
Q::You been through the Dilbert Dunker yet?
A::Cake walk. Both my dad and my brother went through it and made it, so I know I can.
Q::Sid! Oh, it's beautiful! You mean...
A::That's right. Let's get married, Lynette. Let's find a justice of the peace and just do it!
Q::Nice, hospitable folks they get around here.  I hope she comes.
A::She'll come, pard. A rich socialite Oakie like you oughta be a big catch around these parts.
Q::Fourteen day escrow, man, that's almost three weeks!  They shouldn't be here for another week!  They don't own this house yet!
A::Exactly how is fourteen days almost three weeks?
Q::Nobody is gonna die, man, will you please have the balls to follow through with a good idea?  Think about it, what would you do if you were them, stay in there and choke to death, or come out?!  Huh?  We're just getting them to come out for forty-five minutes, forty-five fucking minutes!  The worst that's gonna happen is they pass out, we drag 'em out here into the fresh air, and they'll be fine.
A::Junior, you gigantic idiot, how are we supposed to get into the room if they pass out?
Q::Working elevator.  Mr. Pearlstine, the previous owner, was disabled the last ten years of his life.  Highly unusual, the elevator, you will not find this in ninety percent of brownstones.
A::Will they take asking price?  I need a two week escrow and I'm already approved for the loan.
Q::We're not gonna do anything about him, he's fine.
A::If you think I'm gonna let my half of the fourteen million bucks slip away because of --
Q::Morse code?
A::Dot dot dot, dash dash dash, dot dot dot.
Q::You got it. Berkeley?
A::No, Panther Headquarters.  Least that way we could hang out more like we used to.
Q::Huh, well then...  did someone else start shooting?
A::I refuse to answer the question on the grounds it might incriminate me.
Q::Man, this shit's pretty thick.
A::You got that right. And brother, I got a feeling it's going to get a whole lot thicker.
Q::I don't know man. I don't know. That reminds me.  Another little donation from the police.
A::If the pigs only knew they were subsidizing The Panthers...
Q::Is that why the Assembly was convened?
A::Yes.  He seeks a levy of troops and money.
Q::And the Governor?
A::He vowed that if the Assembly votes a single shilling to Lee, he'll dissolve the body.
Q::What now, sir?
A::We put out the word.  We'll start along the south side of the Santee...
Q::Where is he now?
A::Last anyone saw, riding hard, northeast, his staff a hundred yards behind, trying to catch up.
Q::You may, of course, keep your weapons, but I must warn you that...
A::I'm familiar with appropriate behavior at a military parley.
Q::Seventeen.
A::But it's already been two years and that's two more years.  The war could be over by then.
Q::What if you can't read what's written on there anymore?
A::Well, it still says some animal got laid down here after, don't it?
Q::In the end he's gonna croak, isn't he?
A::Lovey...Church might be still alive when you're in a high school...and that's a very long time.
Q::Ellie--
A::And I'm going to eat his breakfast cereal, too, even though it tastes like boogers. And...and...
Q::Was it Pascow?
A::Ayuh, I think 'twas. If I see Louis come home before I go to bed, I'll tell him to--
Q::God, that's fine.
A::Ain't it just? The man who invented beer, Louis, that man was having a prime day for himself.
Q::I heard you tonight.
A::I thought maybe you did. I know you don't approve of the subject being raised--
Q::How does he do that?
A::They'll be anchored on the lee side.  Haul your wind, and keep to the weather of the island --
Q::You're setting me up for a double cross, you with the ship, and me with nothing more than your word!
A::Let's say I tell you the wrong person.  What would you do?
Q::No reason to fret.  It's just a prick of the finger and a few drops of blood.
A::Turner blood doesn't flow pure in his veins.  Best play it safe, and spill it all.
Q::My apologies, miss.  As you were saying, before you were so rudely interrupted?
A::Captain Barbossa ... I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal.
Q::Commodore, I must protest.  Pirate or not, this man saved my life.
A::One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness.
Q::You're speaking up for him again?
A::He can locate Isla de Muerta -- but I doubt he'll be willing to help us from the brig.
Q::It's -- beautiful. May I inquire as to the occasion?
A::Is an occasion necessary for a father to dote upon his daughter with gifts?
Q::I could never forget it, Miss Swann.
A::Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'?
Q::Why would my father send this to me?
A::To keep it away from them?  No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock.
Q::Nothing ... it's nothing.  Just ... I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child.  A song about pirates.
A::I know a lot of songs about pirates, but none I'd teach a child.  Let's hear it.
Q::That was before I met one, of course.
A::Now I must hear this song.  An authentic pirate song.  Have at it.
Q::Jack, it must be so terrible for you, to be trapped here on this island, all over again.
A::Ah, well ... the company is better than last time.  And the scenery has definitely improved.
Q::Mr. Sparrow!  I'm not sure I've had enough rum to allow that kind of talk.
A::We've got a few bottles left ... and we've yet to tap the kegs.
Q::Why?
A::One, because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable men into scoundrels. Two --
Q::Dead serious.
A::You understand this ship cannot be crewed by only two men.  You'll never make it out of the bay.
Q::Who makes all these?
A::I do.  And I practice with them. At least three hours a day.
Q::We're going to steal a ship?  That ship?
A::Commandeer.  We're going to commandeer a ship.  Nautical term.
Q::Put it away, Will.  It's not worth getting beat again.
A::You didn't beat me.  You ignored the rule of engagement.  In a fair fight, I'd kill you.
Q::What happened here?
A::An explosion in the powder magazine. Merchant vessels run heavily armed.
Q::Poison?  I'm surprised at you.  You lack vision, Mr. O'Brien.
A::You're lacking a few things too: ethics, morals, common decency and, oh yeah, deodorant.
Q::The body is just another part of nature and ever since we gave up trees for central air, there has been nothing sacred about nature. Nature is the enemy, Mr. O'Brien, and science is our greatest weapon against her.
A::You egomaniacs make me laugh. Nature's going to bury you like she buries everyone else.
Q::I bet he hasn't read a single report we've written on the waste problem.
A::I hope you're right.  I'd feel a lot worse if he had read them and just didn't care.
Q::Nigel, can't you see he's using you?
A::Of course he is, but at least there isn't a security guard outside my door.
Q::We'll see?  What does that mean?
A::We'll see how wonderful it is after you spend the next twenty years making Agent Orange.
Q::You're not protecting the world, you're obstructing progress!
A::I don't consider uncontrollable toxic waste progress!
Q::And I'm sure you thought Columbus was going to sail off the edge of the world!
A::But lo and behold he found another world that progress could annihilate!
Q::Exactly.
A::Now, Anne, you remember how much it cost to get rid of that baseball player?
Q::Just listen to this  Adorable Babykins Does her miss her Baby? Him sends his booful li'l sweetums a billion oceans full of kisses. Bobo is so lonely!
A::Just a moment. I don't see how that trash could possibly concern me.
Q::You're a bit eccentric, aren't you?
A::Me? No - most ordinary guy in the world, me. Only one thing wrong with me
Q::What's the idea, Anne?
A::The idea is simply this - that I want those people to leave here immediately.
Q::Say, take it easy! Take it easy! Listen, my boy. No use you hanging around here. Just buy the Tribune tonight and read all about it. You can rewrite it for your last edition.
A::Couldn't make the last edition. It'd take me four hours to translate your story into English.
Q::How's that?
A::Not bad - not good - but not bad. You ought to be able to fool about almost anybody.
Q::Is that so? Well, have you seen enough - or would you like a photograph?
A::A photograph? What's the matter? Hasn't mama had you done in oils yet?  "Just A Gigolo . . . "
Q::Do you know what to do in a drawing- room?
A::It isn't a question of knowing what to do, it's knowing how to get in one that counts.
Q::You what?
A::Sure, I must drop in on the mad wench. Her wounds need soothing.
Q::What do you know about Conrad?
A::I don't know a thing about him, but isn't he the one you're always yelling about?
Q::What did he want?
A::Gallagher, that guy just dropped by to give us a great opening for the third act.
Q::Thanks. May I sit down?
A::Surely, sit down. If I had known you were coming, I would have thrown you up a waffle.
Q::I'm sorry nobody could come.
A::The rest of the gang had to get out the morning edition - but they'll be down later.
Q::Well, yeah, thank you, but --
A::-- but since you're not going I guess none of this matters and I'll bring her anyway.
Q::Oh My God, yeah, I know exactly where she is, why?
A::......she forgot her purse at my work and I wanted to get it back to her.
Q::Sure.
A::Yeah....? So...Jack...are you stroking that big fat fucking cock of yours?
Q::It was nice to see you again, to see your face again, to go out with you --
A::I'll be around and back in town in a few days --
Q::OH WOW. YEAH. THAT'S GREAT. YOU CAME, YOU CAME. What are you doing?
A::I'm calling you, I'm standing in my hotel room, I came because I have my business trip --
Q::No, no, no, no, no. What do you mean? It doesn't state anywhere about six to eight weeks.
A::It takes that much time to process the order and make sure it's valid --
Q::Ow!
A::But why heap such ghastly fantasies atop an already ghastly existence?
Q::I thought that was your duty, Abbe, not mine.
A::One more trick like this, and I'll be forced to revoke all your liberties!
Q::Indiscretions, Abbe? Please. I've read his case history. At sixteen, he violated a serving girl with a crucifix. After six months in the dungeon at Vincennes, he mutilated a prostitute, cutting her flesh with a razor, then cauterizing the wounds with wax --
A::I hope you'll judge him by his progress here, and not his past reputation.
Q::And he's never once attempted escape?
A::A man of his notoriety? He wouldn't last a day on the streets without capture.
Q::In their eyes, the Marquis is the surest barometer of your progress here.
A::But he's one among some two hundred wards --
Q::Have you tried bleeding him with leeches? The calming chair? Maybe you should flog him at the stake?
A::Why? So he'll learn to fear punishment, rather than pursue virtue for its own reward?
Q::Well?
A::I spoke to him with reason and compassion; the tools which serve us best here.
Q::He'll do no such thing.
A::It's a weak man who tests his mettle on the backs of children --
Q::And you? It must've been an ordeal.
A::I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name. I will not be the last.
Q::Yes?
A::No one can fault Napoleon for merely bringing a man to his senses.
Q::My darling, Eugenie, dainty morsel! Get on your back! Let's try it dorsal!
A::Was ever a man more risqu? He wants to take me every way!
Q::You've already stolen my heart, as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator...
A::Your publisher says I'm not to leave without a new manuscript.
Q::It's a long story, this one.
A::The climax comes at a higher cost; you must sit on my lap.
Q::You're aware, are you not, that it costs a great deal to house your husband at Charenton...
A::I pay his stipend every month, far more dutifully than I should.
Q::You've no right to assault me in this fashion; I'll call for my footman. I'll have you removed --
A::Am I a cursed woman, Doctor? Must I be betrayed by every man I meet --
Q::Tell me; have you done anything to secure my release? NO! Have you petitioned the court? NEVER! Sought audience with the Emperor --
A::He refuses to be seen in my company! He blanches at the mention of your name --
Q::We've known each other too long, Orson. Sling the bullshit elsewhere.
A::Carole, you wound me! As if I could hope to pacify you with evasions of--
Q::You're not going to get another chance, boy! Look right at the monster and you tell him--
A::"You don't care about anything except you. You just want to persuade people that you
Q::How about Howard Hughes? We could do Hughes
A::I'm not fucking with Hughes. That shit-kicker would kill us dead, baby. Just like Jean Harlow
Q::Oh Christ...
A::Image the possibilities as this man controls the public perception of the nation through his--
Q::Hey, kid. Gregg.
A::Mank, sit down. You missed the opening of the new picture but I'll go back--
Q::Of course, of course. How can we be of service?
A::As I said I have some j-j-j-j-  that I might wish t-t-to sell and I wanted an estimate--
Q::Very generous
A::And we gotta be clear here. I need the negative and every existing print.
Q::You're going to destroy it
A::No, maybe put it on the shelf until the old man kicks it.
Q::Look, not a single scene shot in the studio! We've found natural locations for the whole story--
A::Hold on a sec. I got news. We finally found somewhere to premiere KANE but--
Q::Take apart the fucking camera rig -- we could get a few more inches down and then tilt up--
A::Orson -- we can't get the fucking camera any fucking lower so find another fucking shot!
Q::That's what I'm sayin'. You shouldn't even think like that. It's crazy.
A::I tell you one thing. Ok, I'll never be big enough to fight Louis, but I know Joey, I know...
Q::How do you know? You know her that good?
A::No, I see her around the pool. I know her. I know her like that -- not like that.
Q::What? I just said hello. Since when I can't kiss my sister-in-law?
A::Ain't a cheek ever good enough for you? I never even kissed Mama on the mouth.
Q::Sure, what else is new?
A::No. This time it's true. I didn't bother to tell you until I had everything worked out.
Q::Aw, c'mon. Don't say that.
A::I got a lawyer, Jake. We're getting a divorce. I'm getting custody of the kids.
Q::It don't look right.
A::Well, go ahead, tell Jake. He's gonna kill me anyway. It's a matter of time.
Q::The superintendent met Thorwald coming back. He said Thorwald told him he had just put his wife on the train for the country.
A::A very convenient guy -- this superintendent. Have you checked his bank deposits lately?
Q::I can hear myself starting out. "Your Honor -- I have a friend who's an amateur sleuth, an one night, after a heavy supper --"  He'd throw the New York State Penal Code right in my face. -- And it's six volumes.
A::By morning there might not be anything left to find in his apartment.
Q::A detective's nightmare.
A::What do you need before you can search -- bloody footsteps leading up to the door?
Q::Stop sounding stuffy. I'll take pictures from a jeep. From a water buffalo if necessary.
A::You're too valuable to the magazine for us to play around with. I'll send Morgan or Lambert.
Q::Swell. I get myself half-killed for you -- and you reward me by stealing my assignments.
A::I didn't ask you to stand in the middle of that automobile race track.
Q::Read some good books.
A::I've been taking pictures so long I don't know how to read anymore.
Q::How can you tell that from a thermometer!
A::Those sultry sun-worshipers you watch haven't raised your temperature one degree in four weeks.
Q::He and his wife splitting up?
A::It's hard to figure. He went out several time last night, in the rain carrying his sample case.
Q::What about the rest?
A::When those cops get a look at Miss Fremont -- they'll even contribute.
Q::And it's deflating to find out that the only way I can be part of it -- is to take out a subscription to your magazine. I guess I'm not the girl I thought I was.
A::There's nothing wrong with you, Lisa. You have the town in the palm of your hand.
Q::What is it you're looking for?
A::I want to find out what's wrong with the salesman's wife. Does that make me sound like a madman?
Q::Shut up. I'm all right.
A::Think you've got enough for a search warrant now?
Q::No.
A::Then shut your mouth before your guts run out!
Q::Go ahead.
A::I'm in terrible trouble.--You know that big high bluff near Miller- town Junction?
Q::I was talking to Jim.
A::Let me just explain to you--we just moved here, y'understand?  The kid has no friends yet and--
Q::No!
A::Did anyone see you there?  I mean did they get your license number or anything?
Q::No.  It's perpetual motion.
A::Oh, I bet some little guy comes in here at night and pushes it.  Go- go-go!
Q::Here.
A::Well, stop hiding and stand up.  I can't talk to you if I don't see you.
Q::What?
A::Stop tearing me apart!  You say one thing and he says another and then everybody changes back--
Q::I've been doing good, though.
A::Didn't have to hit me so fucking hard. Didn't have to throw me outta the goddamn truck.
Q::Thought you wrote you had a mustache.
A::I can get another one going. Y'know, hey, whatever you want me to --
Q::No, not that, no...  I mean this, the whole thing. Start writing to a guy, guy in the bricks. Get a boyfriend like this. Tell me the truth.
A::Well. You're not the first guy I wrote to. But you're the only one I kept writing to.
Q::He says he wants it now.
A::If he wanted a photographic memory, he shoulda kidnapped one. I'm working on it here.
Q::Where the HELL did he go?
A::Monster. There never was a structure change. This place was built the same from day one.
Q::Guys. We're doing it right, here. $5.99 prime rib? Nobody does that in Michigan. Nobody.
A::The tribe is concerned that many of your... new ideas are not resulting in any new venues.
Q::I'm putting liquor in the drinks, I'm giving 10-times odds on craps, I got the girls showing sixteen-percent more skin! Show me another buffet's gonna offer you Coke and Pepsi! Whaddya want me to do?!
A::We want to see our casino making money again, Mr. Bangs. Making money for our community.
Q::Hi, Santa Claus, how are you. He's with Sears, I'm with Wal-Mart, twas the season...
A::We're all outta gifts, boys and girls, but we got charitable donations!
Q::I got a bacon too; there another bacon in there?
A::I got a bacon for him and a bacon for me; there's four cheeseburgers and two roast beefs --
Q::Hell, you never needed to convince Ashley you were me. Just the dumb fucking truckers. I figured I'd talked enough about the Tomahawk in the pen for you to get by --
A::Talked about the old man's weapons stash, probably forgot I'd remember
Q::Holy shit, this guy's all fucked up!
A::No shit, he's gonna fuckin' die on us if we don't get him taken care of.
Q::I don't buy it. It doesn't make sense.
A::It makes perfect fuckin' sense to me. Eddie, you didn't see how he acted during the job, we did.
Q::I take it this is the bastard you told me about.  Why the hell are you beating on him?
A::So he'll tell us who the fuck set us up.
Q::Would you stop it with that shit! You beat on this prick enough, he'll tell ya he started the Chicago fire. That don't necessarily make it so. Okay, first things fucking last, where's the shit? Please tell me somebody brought something with them.
A::I got a bag. I stashed it till I could be sure this place wasn't a police station.
Q::No, it wasn't Pam Grier, Pam Grier was the other one. Pam Grier made the movies. Christie Love was like a Pam Grier TV show, without Pam Grier.
A::What the fuck was that chick's name? Oh this is just great, I'm totally fuckin' tortured now.
Q::Let's go over it. Where are you?
A::I stand outside and guard the door. I don't let anybody come in or go out.
Q::Mr. Blonde and Mr. Blue?
A::Crowd control. They handle customers and employees in the display area.
Q::Five-man job. Bustin' in and bustin' out of a diamond wholesaler's.
A::Can you move the ice afterwards? I don't know nobody who can move ice.
Q::Don't worry, Eddie. Me and Larry have been friends a long time, he ain't gonna shoot. We like each other too much.
A::Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. Repeat, if you kill that man, you die next!
Q::That fucking bastard! That fucking sick fucking bastard!
A::Marvin, I need you to hold on. There's officers positioned and waiting to move in a block away.
Q::I told 'em not to touch the alarm. They touched it. I blew 'em full of holes. If they hadn't done what I told 'em not it, they'd still be alive.
A::That's your excuse for going on a kill crazy rampage?
Q::Hey, just cancel that shit right now! You're hurt. You're hurt really fucking bad, but you ain't dying.
A::All this blood is scaring the shit outta me. I'm gonna die, I know it.
Q::What happened?
A::Blonde went crazy. He slashed the cop's face, cut off his ear and was gonna burn him alive.
Q::Look, enough of this "Mr White" shit -
A::Don't tell me your name, I don't want to know! I sure as hell ain't gonna tell ya mine.
Q::You're right, this is bad.  How did you get out?
A::Shot my way out. Everybody was shooting, so I just blasted my way outta there.
Q::Yeah, and that was a fucking miracle. But if they did get away, where the fuck are they?
A::You don't think it's possible, one of them got a hold of the diamonds and pulled a -
Q::What?
A::Two jobs back, it was a four man job, we discovered one of the team was an undercover cop.
Q::Hello Graham -- Joe -- Mr. Gardner.
A::Graham's got something to tell you might interest you.
Q::We're going to look for him. Want to come along?
A::I've got eleven horses to get over the mountains before snow catches me and covers the feed.
Q::Anybody hurt?
A::No. We came down the hill a little fast and...  ...the wheel broke.  Can you fix it for us?
Q::So am I.
A::It's a nice place owned by an old couple named Wyatt.
Q::That's right.
A::I don't see no sense to makin' people leave town if they don't want to leave.
Q::You never said this Lednov's name before, that I can remember.
A::No call to. That jail looked pretty solid to me.  How's she feel?
Q::Sure I remember. You went to Mexico lookin' for cattle.
A::You remember Jeff Rawson? -- We used to go fishing and hunting with him when you were so high.
Q::Yeah, it does.
A::But you never can tell. Why don't you get that new rifle out of the wagon?
Q::Yeah -- but don't make a habit of it.
A::So -- maybe I'm old enough to tell you how to run your life?
Q::It isn't that --
A::Don't talk -- eat -- we want to get you well quick as we can so we can all get out of here.
Q::We tried to point that out. But there were some pretty nosey citizens who wouldn't listen to reason. They said Aspen had outgrown us. It's all right to play poker in your own home but not in a saloon.
A::I knew something would happen when they started puttin' up fences and passin' laws.
Q::What do they look like?
A::Hmmm... sort of like a horse -- with a horn in the center of its forehead.
Q::Help!
A::Now, why that bitch gotta bring that shit this way? I hope she didn't see me.
Q::You sure?
A::Yeah, I think I'll feel better sleeping in the arms of a strong man.
Q::Professor!
A::Hey, you're the one who brought up safety. I'm perfectly willing to go in raw.
Q::I supposed you'd like a leg. How about two?
A::That's it. I'm gonna put my food in your ass. I should warn you, I'm a black belt in karate.
Q::Father.
A::Not unless you have a paternity test to prove it.
Q::Sorry, son.  This is a matter for adults.
A::Officers, I've never said the P-word out loud, much less written it down!
Q::I can't stop thinking about that poor teacher.  Goodnight, honey. Don't read late, we've got a big day with the birds tomorrow.
A::I've identified every little birdie we're going to watch tomorrow on the Eastern Shore.
Q::0h, that's horrible, honey.  I sold the Pee-Wee Herman doll!!
A::Mother! Did you hear me?! Someone murdered Carl in the mensroom! I saw his dead body!
Q::Certainly not!
A::Divorce? An alcoholic relative?  Tell me, did Chip torture animals when he was young?
Q::No.
A::You won't get any water and you won't get any rest. You may as well drink.
Q::Well, then I can tell you that in addition to other dangers, there is a grave danger of Jacqueline losing her sanity. I would advise against you seeing her.
A::But why? She's been ill --erratic, but I've never heard of anything like that!
Q::We're not exactly strangers, Mary. Jacqueline spoke about you often. I suppose she told you about me,
A::No...At the morgue they told me a Mr. Gregory Ward had made inquiries about Jacqueline.
Q::Please - I can't explain things like this to your right ear.
A::Last night in this very restaurant Mr. Jason Hoag paid a very pretty compliment to my right ear.
Q::Who the devil is he?
A::A poet. He's sitting right over there. That's his table  the one at the feet of Dante.
Q::But I understand her. That may be more important.
A::It may make very fine poetry, Mr. Hoag, but it doesn't make good sense.
Q::Well, it won't work. Love and understanding won't make a good detective out of a recalcitrant poet.
A::Actually I want to ask two favors of you -- one as a poet 	one as a detective.
Q::I'm afraid this is no time to play Cyrano, my friend. What was in your mind?
A::I wanted to get things clear for Jacqueline. Let her know --
Q::No, you draw no secrets from me, as you drew them from Jacqueline. You are not one of us yet. You're clever, Louis, but I recognize your interest in me for what it is worth. You are only curious. You have never loved a woman who had but one arm.
A::It would be a charming experience. She might only protest half as much.
Q::I didn't know.
A::Yes  and I must say I've done very well with it -- perhaps even better than Jacqueline.
Q::I can almost feel your doubt about what I'm saying, Mary.
A::I can't give up looking for her, Mrs. Redi, no matter what you're hinting at.
Q::Jacqueline, you have spoken so often of ending it all, I can't understand why this should be so difficult for you. You have only to drink a little.
A::Yes, Jacqueline. You were always talking suicide - - of ending your life when you wanted to.
Q::Nine years?
A::Yes. I was surprised that he accepted when I asked if I could stay here until I found a place.
Q::That's hard to believe. The two of you seem so different.
A::I would imagine that we are, now. I think I'm ready to use the bathroom, finally.
Q::Of course not.
A::Oh, see, I meant someone you've had sex with. That's part of the theory.
Q::Have you fantasized about me?
A::I thought I made that clear before, when I said I would go down on you.
Q::You're not answering me.
A::Well, what kind of answer are you looking for, Ann? What is it exactly that you want to know?
Q::Tuesday. I had a late lunch.
A::Did you see a message to call me when you got back in?
Q::Goddammit, goddammit!! That son of a bitch!!  Well, at least I know you didn't fuck him.
A::No, but I wanted to. I really wanted to, partially just to piss you off.
Q::There are many things that can exert control over one's life, good and bad. Religion, greed, philanthropy, drugs.
A::I know, but this... I just feel like everybody I know right now is obsessed with sex.
Q::Why? Just give me the address, you won't even have to be involved.
A::I don't feel right just giving you the address so that you can go over there and...
Q::Lose something?
A::That goddam diamond stud earring that cost me a fucking fortune.
Q::He's harmless. He just sits around and looks at these tapes. What's the big deal?
A::So he's got this catalogue of women touching themselves? That doesn't make you feel weird?
Q::The extrovert.
A::She must have been in a good mood when she said that. She usually calls me loud.
Q::How long will it take?
A::That depends on you. One woman only used three minutes. Another filled up three two hour tapes.
Q::No.
A::You realize you have no recourse legally? This stuff could show up anywhere.
Q::Oh, you feel very good, Betts. You have such a cosy body. I'm jealous, I'm so skinny.
A::Make love to me, 'Nine? I want you to make love to me. Please, please make love to me.
Q::Jesus!
A::Let's get outta here before somebody hears us!
Q::Where is he now? Do you know?
A::I think I... I think I killed him. I stabbed him with something and he fell.
Q::OK, I bite. What does it look like?
A::It looks like -- and I quote -- 'a disease to save man from his mind.'
Q::Did you /hear/ that, Oliver.
A::Yes, Betty.  But the false promise of a new dawn is usually followed by a most bloody sunset.
Q::Could you tell us a little about it?
A::Let's just say that I'm putting sanity back on the national menu.
Q::I won't be a party to this.  I want to see Brad.
A::The question is, does Brad want to see you?  Quite frankly, he hates you.
Q::You are the most desirable creature that ever walked.
A::If only Brad could have found it within his heart to say these things to me.
Q::. . .For his own good.
A::Of course.  He was in great danger of harming himself.
Q::There is no new ending. Page 750 on is exactly the same.
A::Well, then I guess it must have felt new because everything leading up to it was so different.
Q::Whoa, why are we getting off?
A::I've just got to make one quick stop. Won't take a second.
Q::What?
A::I thought we could just say a quick hello to my mother.
Q::That's your problem, Miles.
A::As if she'd even be attracted to guys like us in the first place.
Q::We should have driven.
A::Not with the wine list these people have. We don't want to hold back.
Q::And if they want to drink Merlot, we're drinking Merlot.
A::If anyone orders Merlot, I'm leaving. I am not drinking any fucking Merlot!
Q::Good thing you have a voice-over career.
A::Gonna fuck that up too. I should sue her ass. Only reason I won't is to protect Christine.
Q::Look at this!
A::I don't know. Doesn't look like anybody got hurt in this one.
Q::You got kids?
A::Who me? Nah, I'd just fuck them up. That was the one unpolluted part of my divorce -- no kids.
Q::I got the bat at home... On the wall.
A::You got two minor league home run records don't you?
Q::Five. The five longest.
A::Boy, why aren't you in the pros making stacks of cash and getting handfuls of T and A?
Q::They caught it on tape and they've been playing it all morning. They found the bird. His head crushed in. When you see the footage it looks like the bird flew into a wall in the sky.  They think they have some invisible shield thing going, like an optical illusion.
A::The bird could have had a heart attack and crushed his head when he fell.
Q::They're on the roof.
A::While they were trying to fix her up, all she kept asking about was you.
Q::It's not broken.
A::What kind of machine can bend a stalk of corn over without cracking it?
Q::I don't think so.
A::Do you owe anybody money? You can tell me off the record if you need too.
Q::J.T.'s done everything he can. I married a brave man. Augie, take that delightful gift your uncle gave you out of here while we're talking.  McKendrick picked the new sheriff himself, so J.T. can't even get the law enforced.
A::Half the gunslingers that drift into town turn up on our police force.
Q::Augie's going to grow up here. There's nothing wrong with the land, it's just some of the people.
A::The problem is, Emmett, you killed the wrong McKendrick.
Q::There are three strangers in this room, traveller, and these gents you are accusing aren't them.  Are these your friends?
A::I wanted a drink and a bed. I guess I came to the wrong place.
Q::I've given that up.
A::So have I. I've got a legitimate job now. I can use a guy like you.
Q::Is this a fair mix?
A::I'm saving lives here. The straight stuff would raise a blood blister on boot leather.
Q::A fan club with a worldwide membership in the millions -- also bogus?
A::Oh, no.  The fan club is real.  But they were worshipping computer code -- ones and zeros.
Q::Why isn't she with you?
A::Why?  Because she would never show up at something like this.  She's intensely private.
Q::But you don't understand.  She'll always be there -- at some party, on some magazine cover, some song on the radio, up on some screen.
A::No.  She'll never work again -- retire, never make a movie or a record, or appear ever again.
Q::-- Simone, the question on everyone's mind is simply... "why?"
A::Frank, you know as well as I do, living in a fish bowl, the insatiable appetite of the media...
Q::She's a miracle, Dad.  Where did you find her?
A::I saw her picture on the, er... internet.  You really didn't notice anything -- unusual?
Q::What if it catches on fire?
A::Let it burn.  Simone would rather go up in flames than give up her privacy.
Q::You mean they buy it?
A::Buy it?  They're paying for it. And around here that's how you really know they buy it.
Q::No.
A::Not even little ones that aren't supposed to hurt?
Q::That's right. So why do you take it, sweetheart?
A::Sometimes people think they lose things and they didn't really lose them. It just gets moved.
Q::Excuse me?
A::You talked funny when you went to school here. You talked funny all the way to high school!
Q::Wait a second. Did you say "patricide?"
A::Yeah. Marvin's old man gunned him down.
Q::I came back for the funeral. That's all.
A::Broke her heart you never visited... But I always said you'd come back.
Q::You got it wrong, boy. I'm not the monster you think.
A::Maybe you should tell that to the old lady you tried to hit with the shovel.
Q::Yes!
A::Which means we've got ONE week to start acting like a professional band.
Q::Wait a minute --
A::I... saw him -- he tried to kill me -- he's, he's -- still -- out there --
Q::No --
A::You brought us here. And that morning I found you in the barn. You had scratches on your face --
Q::And that makes you look like a squid?
A::I'll tell you what, no one with lyme disease gonna win any damn handsome contests!
Q::Pretty, ain't they?
A::I don't know. I've seen them so many times before. I guess any spot gets boring after awhile.
Q::Some kids found her necklace near Tipper Creek, as well as what might be her blood on a rock.
A::The problem, Starla, is, the last person anyone saw her talking to was Grant.
Q::He took him over. His body. His -- his brain, everything what he knew. He's only been dumb stuff before amoeba--things, and rhino--things. He liked being human. Didn't want to change.
A::And you said the worms are part of him. They're all linked, like one creature?
Q::But you could get killed, right?
A::Hey, you could get killed crossing the street.
Q::What the hell's going on?
A::I forget to tell you. I'm running blocker for four hundred cases of illegal brew.
Q::Twenty-eight hours! You're outta your gord.
A::Is that any way to talk to your ole partner?  Look, it's only nine hundred miles each way.
Q::Or in the slammer.
A::Did I tell you they're gonna give us a brand new Kenworth?
Q::Our asses gonna be in a sling if we get caught.
A::And if we don't, they're gonna be riding high in a brand new Kenworth.
Q::But with these down, doesn't that pose a major security concern if, as you say, you have to keep an eye on everything at all times?
A::Well, we were worried about dust and debris from the work being done ruining the cameras, so--
Q::I know his location, we've got the drop of a maybe half a day before that location gets grape-vined and the rest of the world gets hipped.
A::That's already happened hoss. It's naive to think otherwise.
Q::Yeah, we've been through that.
A::Then quit acting like somebody shit in your cereal bowl. Reed just gave us fifty grand.
Q::On an extradition flight back to El Salvador, he murdered a security detachment and vanished.
A::You think it's possible he could be involved in the Israel hit?
Q::Sparazza was in failing health and looking for a donor. The son who had betrayed and burned him so thoroughly seemed a obvious choice.
A::So all of our intel was bogus to begin with.
Q::That takes some of the sting out.
A::I probably woulda busted on you too... and what a shame that woulda been.
Q::When them tricks hit the lobby, holla at me and I'm gonna meet them on the way up, blend in. Once I get inside, I'mma put m'Nina to Israel's head and back out hot. Anybody's fucks with that program, y'break 'em off. They get gully --
A::I'mma grip and rip girl.  I got some handloads here ready to cut heads.
Q::-- I don't know, I feel like you always pushin' up on me, gettin' close and I love you baby, in every way you can love a bitch, 'cept that one.
A::I ain't even goin' dignify that. You my road dog. We threw up sets.  Plus you stank.
Q::Of course, when we return, we'll be regarded as lunatics if we tell the truth.  We'll chalk it up to isolation, collective derangement.
A::I've never heard you express any desire to leave before now.  Why now?
Q::How could it be so cruel?  How could it torture us like this?
A::I don't think it knows it's torturing us.  It's just watching.
Q::What did he say?
A::He thinks you're being a little careless.  He made the point several times.
Q::So how'd it go?
A::Not great.  I've got a babysitting job for a material witness on a homicide.
Q::I want your guarantee they'll be turned loose when she opens the front door.
A::I get my hostage first.  No one's turned loose until I say so.
Q::Aunt May, you're trespassing.
A::Your records are older than you are.  Have you never heard of new wave?
Q::Is this some sort of Zen thing?
A::I mean, I suddenly have immense physical power, and the ability to crawl up walls--
Q::Life and death matter. Yours-- everyone's.  By comparison, our search for truth is only a product of curiosity, a game--
A::Oh, Roz.  My mind is so far beyond yours now.  I could beat you at chess now.
Q::I asked if you felt like a drink--
A::No.  No, I-- my aunt and uncle. Something's wrong  --  I need to make a phone call.
Q::I sent for  the police.  We can explain.
A::Explain that some jerk in a mask and costume fought a mad scientist with four tentacles?
Q::Do you... live around here?
A::No, but I've got this secret identity to worry about. I'll swing the rest of the way.
Q::Now what kind of a crack is that?
A::No crack. Two packs of cigarettes say they don't get out of the forest.
Q::Here we have a typical barrack. It houses seventy-five men. Every one of them has his own bunk, naturally.
A::Naturally. It would be rather awkward to have three men in one bunk.
Q::What do you do for heat in this barrack? No stove?
A::The men here used it for a trap door, so we had to remove it temporarily.
Q::You don't want to cry over a dame that doesn't even know you're alive! Snap out of it!
A::There's a time in every man's life when he wants to be alone! So go away!
Q::Don't worry. We'll take care of it.
A::Take some men and get the antenna going. Let's see if we can catch the BBC.
Q::You heard that, Sefton?
A::Sure I heard it. I still got one good ear.
Q::You taking Dunbar?
A::You betcha. There ought to be some reward money from Mama. Say ten thousand bucks worth.
Q::And what's that crack supposed to mean?
A::They're lying dead in the mud out there and I'm trying to find out how come.
Q::The what?
A::The one you took out of the corner of your bunk and put in this pocket.
Q::Which one of us is the informer?
A::You are trying to say that an American would inform on other Americans?
Q::Du lieber Gott! How do you look? You had a fight?
A::How would you like to give Frau Schulz a pair of silk stockings for Christmas?
Q::Data, you're not thinking about using that thing are you?
A::It has occurred to me on several occasions. But I believe this may be the appropriate time.
Q::Data, this isn't the time.
A::I am sorry, but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wrong
Q::Can you locate them?
A::The ships are bearing at 3-1-0 mark 2-1-5. Distance: three light years.
Q::Guinan. It's important that you tell me what you know. We think Soran's developed a weapon...a terrible weapon. It might give him enough power to-
A::Soran doesn't care about power or weapons. All he cares about is getting back to the Nexus.
Q::We don't have a tractor beam.
A::You left spacedock without a tractor beam?
Q::Oh
A::I've warned ye about that back of yours. You should have a doctor take a look at it.
Q::We learn something new about ourselves every day.  Now. Maybe I didn't make myself clear. It is very important that you tell me exactly what Captain Picard knows.
A::I told you everything. You might as well just kill me right now.
Q::There's still no indication of why they attacked the station?
A::We think they were looking for something- they practically tore the place apart.
Q::Report.
A::A quantum implosion has occurred within the Amargosa star. All nuclearfusion is breaking down.
Q::I always thought I'd have a crack at this chair one day.
A::You may still. Somehow I doubt this will be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise.
Q::You felt it was no longer your responsibility to carry on the family line.
A::My brother had shouldered that burden, allowing me to pursue my own selfish needs.
Q::As their cloak begins to engage, their shields will drop.
A::Right. And they'll be vulnerable for at least two seconds.  Data,lock onto that plasma coil.
Q::Calm yourself, Bones.
A::Sir. Commander, Starfleet on emergency channel. He orders you to surrender this vessel.
Q::Did your collaborator know?
A::My mother knew nothing about it. That's why I asked her to leave Genesis in my hands.
Q::I don't understand.
A::Pon Farr. Vulcan males must endure it every seventh year of their adult life.
Q::Eight weeks, sir.  But you don't have eight weeks so I'll do it for ya in two.
A::Mr. Scott. Have you always multiplied your repair estimates by a factor of four?
Q::Good shooting, Scotty.
A::Aye, those two hits should stop a horse, let alone a bird.
Q::Why would you do this...?
A::Because... the needs of the one outweighed the needs of the many.
Q::No, Jim! Enterprise would never stand the pounding.
A::Then I'll find a ship -- I'll hire a ship.
Q::Yes... I hear you.  I just had to try.
A::Of course... Now take my suggestion, enjoy your leave -- and let all this tension blow away.
Q::But dear Lord, are we intelligent enough to -- Suppose, this thing were used where life already exists?
A::It would destroy such life in favor of its new matrix --
Q::You're not going in there -- !
A::I'm afraid I can't stop to discuss this logically --
Q::Cheers. Bones, these are... charming.
A::Four hundred years old. You don't find many with the lens still intact.
Q::It never rains but when it pours --
A::As a physician you of all people should appreciate the danger of re-opening old wounds.
Q::I've got the sick bay ready. Will someone please tell me what is going on?
A::Computer. Request security procedure and access to Project Genesis Summary.
Q::There may still be time... you gave as good as you got.
A::I got beat. We're only alive because I knew something about these ships that he didn't.
Q::Khan could be down there!
A::He's BEEN there and hasn't found what he wants. Can you spare someone? There may be people hurt.
Q::Don't tell me you've got something.
A::We've picked up a minor energy flux reading on one dyno scanner.
Q::I didn't expect anything.
A::That makes two of us.  Lieutenant Saavik was right: you never have faced death --
Q::Yes, Spock.
A::Engine room reports auxiliary power restored. We can proceed at impulse power.
Q::Kirk to Enterprise. Damage report, Spock?
A::Admiral, if we go by the book, like Lieutenant Saavik, hours could seem like days.
Q::Have they proceeded with their experiments?
A::The tape was made a year ago. I can only assume they've reached Phase Two by now --
Q::Is it possible their COMM system has failed -- ?
A::It would explain a great many things --
Q::Very well.
A::I don't believe this was a fair test of my command capabilities.
Q::Leaving Section Fourteen for Section Fifteen.
A::Project parabolic course to avoid entering Neutral Zone.
Q::You'd think they could at least send a ship. Bad enough to be court marshaled and spend the rest of our lives mining borite -- but to come home in this Klingon flea trap...
A::We could learn a thing or two from this flea trap. It has a cloaking device that cost us a lot.
Q::Now wait just a damn minute.
A::Spock, start your computations for time warp.  Come on, Bones. Let's pay Scotty a visit.
Q::Oh, joy.
A::Captain Spock and I will attempt to trace these whale songs to their source.
Q::Spock, it's me, Bones! I mean our experience was unique. You really have gone where no man has gone before. Can't you tell me what it felt like?
A::It would be impossible to discuss the subject without a common frame of reference.
Q::You mean I have to die to discuss your insights on death?
A::Pardon me, Doctor, I am hearing many calls of distress.
Q::Specifically, Humpback Whales.
A::That's crazy! Who would send a probe hundreds of light years to talk to a whale?
Q::What's causing that!?
A::Captain, their call is being carried on an amplification wave of enormous power!
Q::Damage report!
A::Captain... All systems have failed... We are functioning on reserve power only.
Q::Thanks.
A::Don't mention it. And don't try anything, either. I got a tire iron right where I can get at it.
Q::Then --
A::In fact, we may be able to help -- in ways that, frankly, you couldn't possibly imagine.
Q::That leaves us no choice. We must destroy the probe before it destroys Earth.
A::That would be futile, Admiral. The probe would neutralize us easily.
Q::But we can't turn away! Is there no alternative?
A::There is one, but I cannot guarantee its success. We could attempt to find some Humpback Whales.
Q::Home in on the strongest signal. Descend from orbit.
A::Admiral, if I may: we're probably already visible to the tracking devices of the time.
Q::What else did you learn from your mind meld?
A::They are very unhappy about the way their species has been treated by man.
Q::I'll have to re-energize.
A::Don't take too long. We're sitting ducks for their radar systems...  Mr. Sulu, impulse climb.
Q::Father...?
A::I will be returning to Vulcan within the hour... I wanted to take my leave of you.
Q::We were under the impression they were being held against their will.
A::It's not our custom to have guests here at all, let alone hold anyone against their will.
Q::My people have a strict policy of non-interference with other cultures. In fact, it's our Prime Directive.
A::Your directive apparently doesn't include spying on other cultures.
Q::A perfect moment?
A::When time seemed to stop... and you could almost live in that moment...
Q::I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn.
A::It took us centuries to learn that it doesn't have to take centuries to learn.
Q::Don't you ever get tired?
A::My power cells continually re- charge themselves.
Q::Because you're it. And if you tag me... then I'm it.
A::But I can run much faster than you... I am capable of exceeding forty-seven meters per second...
Q::... it is conceivable I was shot to protect the secret of its existence.
A::What possible purpose could a duplicate village have except... to deceive the Ba'ku...
Q::Your Federation procedures have made this mission ten times as difficult as it needed to be...
A::Our procedures were in place to protect the planet's population from unnecessary risk...
Q::Your self-restraint puzzles me, Admiral. You continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer...
A::I prefer to wait until we can share the benefits with all the people of the Federation...
Q::It isn't safe for you to remain in this area.
A::He's right. Our shields have been upgraded to protect against the environmental anomalies...
Q::You're not going to launch anything until...
A::In six hours, every living thing in this system will be dead or dying.
Q::I wish I had better news. Commander Data attacked us in the mission scout ship yesterday. Ru'afo and I have decided to send in an assault team...
A::Sir, Commander Worf and I have been working on several tactical plans to safely...
Q::Separate the Starfleet personnel and secure them in the aft cargo hold... see that Picard joins them...
A::The shields in that section won't protect them against the thermolytic reaction...
Q::By a Son'a weapon.  There's no doubt about it, sir. That's what made Data malfunction.
A::The Son'a reports claim they didn't fire until after he malfunctioned.
Q::His ethical and moral subroutines took over all of his basic functions...
A::So, you're saying he still knew the difference between right and wrong.
Q::In a sense, that's all he knew. The system is designed to protect him against anyone who might try to take advantage of his memory loss.
A::And yet he attacked us. And told the Ba'ku we were a threat...
Q::Do you know Gilbert and Sullivan?
A::No, sir. I haven't had a chance to meet all the new crew members since I've been back...
Q::All injector sub-systems are confirmed off-line.
A::Decloak the holo-ship and engage a tractor beam, Mister Worf.
Q::What are we waiting for? Let's go.
A::It may not be that simple. This is an extremely difficult and paranoid time in human history.
Q::Do you know what this is, Data?
A::It would appear that you are attempting to graft organic skin onto my endo-skeletal structure.
Q::Dispersive armor is holding.
A::Bring us about. Target Borg ship alpha four, port side battery.
Q::No. Human beings do not have that luxury, and neither should I.
A::I will admit... there are times when I wish I had an emotion chip I could turn on and off.
Q::Their com system must still be down.
A::Well, I feel a whole lot better with them out there. We may need some help.
Q::Maybe you can tell me what he's been doing in that silo. We heard some explosions out there this morning...
A::I think he was running a test on an old rocket engine... and one of the fuel cells burst.
Q::What makes you say that?
A::You're not someone who lies very easily... so it's obvious when you do... at least to me.
Q::It can't wait until tomorrow...
A::Too bad.  Besides, it'll give you all night to think up a new set of lies.
Q::Captain...?
A::We have to follow them back... repair whatever damage they've done to that time-line.
Q::I'd prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it.
A::The longer we wait, the less accessible the hostages will be, Mr. President.
Q::We're explorers not diplomats!
A::Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of "exploration"...
Q::You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor?
A::I cannot confirm or deny actions which I did not witness.
Q::Klingon blood.
A::They must have walked through it when it was floating and tracked it back here.
Q::As you were. Lieutenant...?
A::Saavik, sir. We were told you'd need a helmsman -  ... so I volunteered.
Q::Standing by, Captain Kirk.
A::You understand that by even talking to us, you're violating regulations, Captain.
Q::I'm sorry, Captain - your message is breaking up.
A::Bless you, Sulu.  Where's the peace conference? They're going to attempt another assassination.
Q::At least we must keep track of where they are taken, sir. I -
A::I've already addressed that question, Mr. Scott. We'll e able to follow the Captain's movements.
Q::It's as I said, Mr. Spock: Inventory still registers every torpedo.
A::Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying.
Q::And if they're still in place?
A::Then someone forged a data bank entry.
Q::Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us...
A::If another ship had been beneath us the Klingons would've seen her!
Q::Under impulse power she expends fuel like any other ship. We call it "Plasma" - I do not know the Klingon name for it, but by any name it is merely ionized gas.
A::Well, what about all that atmospheric equipment we're carrying to catalogue gaseous anomalies?
Q::Why?
A::You have been programmed to gather information that can be used against this ship.
Q::How long until we reach the fleet?
A::At our current velocity we will arrive at sector 3274 in approximately 40 minutes.
Q::But so much is the same. On a biological level he is... and I will not accept the idea that there is nothing I can do. I have a responsibility to try to make a human connection with him.
A::He would deny a "human" connection is possible. He considers himself entirely Reman.
Q::We are passing through the Bassen Rift. The projections will return when we have cleared it.
A::It's interfering with our uplink from Starfleet cartography?
Q::Yes.
A::Maybe he's not supposed to be like you. Maybe he's supposed to be just like he is.
Q::Counselor Troi, report to the bridge.
A::Unless we can disable his cloak we're just going to be firing in the dark.
Q::But she's not the Enterprise.
A::I promise you in time, she'll become your home ...If I could offer you one piece of advice?
Q::Anything.
A::When your first officer insists that you can't go on away missions... Ignore him.
Q::So I'm not as tall as you expected?
A::I always hoped I would hit two meters.
Q::And I'm not quite human. So what am I? What do you see?  Do you see a life you might have led? Lost youth never to be recaptured?
A::I see a young man trying desperately to deny who he is.
Q::Minimal damage to the Scimitar.
A::Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon. Geordi, get those shields online.
Q::Recognize this?
A::It's a copy of the plaque NASA sent into space on the Pioneer probes.
Q::I want to speak to Marc Shermin.
A::You can speak to me, Mrs. Haydn. I'm in charge of this operation now.
Q::A friend is a person that is good to you... someone you like to be with... someone you like to laugh with...
A::He was a good friend... The captain took the ship away fast and I was not in the ship.
Q::This car will take me to Las Vegas. I cannot go back.
A::The police know about Lathrop Wells. We have to go another way. Come on.
Q::I don't know where he is.
A::This is going to be a real drag. I thought you wanted to go fast.
Q::You can't just... kill him.
A::I'm not.  Just a little poach job.
Q::Just what I've read.  That the technology was developed for the Feds, to replace the body wire.  And now it's gone black market.  So, uh, do I get the deck from you?
A::I'll set you up, get you a deck at my cost... since my thing is the software.
Q::See, if you packed your piece you could've made the guy see sense.
A::Uh unh, carrying a gun wrecks the line of a fine jacket.
Q::Come on, Lenny.  You used to be good at this stuff.  Play it down. What's the perp doing?
A::He stalks her.  He rapes her.  Then he does her...
Q::And he records it.  Thrill kill. Wants to see it again.  And again.
A::He records himself raping and killing her--
Q::Whattya mean?
A::All I'm saying... you don't know how high up the food chain this thing goes.  I've heard stuff.
Q::No plan is perfect, Lenny.  Hey, cheer up.  World's gonna end in ten minutes anyway.
A::You must be so pleased, I followed your jellybean trail right here, like a good little chump.
Q::So lay it off to somebody else.
A::Come on, Lenny.  I got expenses.  I got to get this rig fixed.  Look at it...
Q::You come to peddle me some tapes, Lenny?  For old time's sake?  Make a couple bucks for the holidays?
A::You're not a client anymore, Tran. I wouldn't sell you the sweat off a dead dog's balls.
Q::Mace, you're my friend.  I need you. Plus I'll give you 25% of what I make tonight.
A::Lenny, this may be a hard concept for you, but friends don't have to pay their friends.
Q::Buncha techno-perv jerkoffs.
A::Way I look at it, I actually perform a humanitarian service.  I save lives.
Q::How's Zander?
A::OK.  He asks about you all the time. It's been weeks since you've seen him.
Q::There's a plus side?
A::Yeah.  You gave up your hot tub tape to save me.  That's real progress for you.
Q::It was a tough call.
A::I still can't square the psycho smarts of whoever did Iris with those two cops.
Q::Got your ticket?
A::No.  They must have sent it to my beach house by mistake.
Q::The body was embalmed. I don't understand --
A::Turn the body over. There was something in the autopsy report, yes, here.  These burn marks.
Q::I'll relay this to CIIAC.
A::They don't know how to crack these secret chat rooms --
Q::We had every reason to believe he was on that plane. He was supposed to be on the plane. Everything was incinerated, it was two weeks before we reached the crash site. We, the Director and I, decided it was in everyone's best interest to declare Dick Low dead. That way he could exit a hero.
A::You suspected all along, suspected he was alive. That's why you came to El Paso.
Q::Have you told Richard Low about Amarillo?
A::I can't. The chat room isn't open for another five days.
Q::Don't you touch him.
A::You better hope the Director doesn't stop abruptly one day, David, you might break your nose.
Q::Look at this fellow... or this one.
A::Grown man dressed like a clown. Does he really think he looks good?
Q::Take it to the next level. What are his fantasies, what turns him on, what kind of pornography does he like? If he could act out his fantasies, what would he do? Imagine yourself one of his victims, realizing your life is in his hands. What is he thinking?
A::My guess: he's wondering whether to get more fries or go straight to the chocolate sundae.
Q::That's because he's a fucking wacko. Never met a self-promotion scheme he didn't like. What's he doing now?
A::He's a consultant to a network TV program on Profilers. He gets a check every episode.
Q::Tom, you okay?
A::Hardly anyone calls me Tom. Everybody calls me Mack. I always liked that.
Q::Uncuff me. What's wrong with you? Don't you want to save the boy?
A::I want to protect the boy. I also want to protect Suspect Zero -- from you.
Q::Of course not. They're possibles. I've checked them against Bureau records, check them against your file. How did you get it?
A::Daitz hinted it existed. It was a matter of forming the request in the proper terms.
Q::If I owe, I will go.
A::[The address is 147 South Rane. It's a lively address. You got a problem with dark meat?]
Q::This is a first. You criticized the Deputy Director to his face and you still have a badge? You must have some one-of-a-kind skills.  Why don't you just quit? I mean, you're not going to get promoted, not wearing this jacket.
A::I like working for the Bureau, sir. I like catching bad guys. It's all I care about.
Q::Wait here, I'll get you that martini.
A::Nah, I didn't really want it anyway. I just wanted to order it.
Q::Who's your booking agent?
A::Oh? You know about booking agents... I don't, uh, actually have a west coast agent as of yet...
Q::You said there are advantages to being single. I want to know what the advantages are.
A::Well... You can talk to a beautiful woman at a bar without worrying if anyone's watching you.
Q::Yeah. Nice touch. It's the logo from "You Bet Your Life", right?
A::Good eye. Not one club owner got it. They all ask me why I got Donald Duck on my card.
Q::Yeah, uh, I don't think that's gonna be happening any time soon... Listen, can I call you right back? I gotta take this call...
A::I'm not home and going out of town tomorrow for a week. Can't you talk for five more minutes?
Q::An eight.
A::Looks like we're in a dead heat after one hole. This is turning into quite a rivalry.
Q::Darwinism at its best.
A::I've been around here six months and I still can't get over it.
Q::They turned you down?
A::They went for someone with more theme park experience. I woulda killed for that job.
Q::...Sue...
A::Have you gotten laid once since you moved here? Did you fuck once?
Q::Sorry man.
A::Yeah. You probably coulda hit that tonight if you didn't have to drive us home.
Q::But your daughter is still alive.
A::Then make them suffer as she suffers.  How much shall I pay you.
Q::Paulie's been a little sick all winter...he was home.
A::How many times did he stay home the last couple of months?
Q::You had better bring a few bottles home with you, my friend; you'll need help sleeping tonight. 
A::This one could seduce the devil.  A body! and eyes as big and black as olives.
Q::Kay, we weren't expecting you.  You should call...
A::I've tried calling and writing.  I want to reach Michael.
Q::Mike, why am I out?
A::You're not a wartime Consigliere. Things may get tough with the move we're trying.
Q::Tell me!
A::All right, this one time I'll let you ask about my affairs, one last time.
Q::I'm glad you came, Mike.  I hope we can straighten everything out.  All this is terrible, it's not the way I wanted things to happen at all. It should never have happened.
A::I want to settle things tonight.  I want my father left alone.
Q::Let us fill up our Regimes.
A::No.  I want things very calm for another six months.
Q::The Corleone family don't have that kind of muscle anymore.  The Godfather is sick.  You're getting chased out of New York by Barzini and the other families, and you think you can find easier pickings here.  I've talked to Barzini; I can make a deal with him and keep my hotel!
A::Is that why you thought you could slap Freddie around in public?
Q::Is he alive?
A::I think so, but I can't get close enough.  There's a lot of blood. I'll try to find out more.
Q::Well, she was already dead, darling, wasn't she, so I suppose --
A::I don't know why people say this country's civilised. It isn't. It's fucking primitive.
Q::I like to sail, believe me, I love to sail! Instead I make boats and other people sail them.
A::Stop! It's too much! You're making all the hairs on my neck stand up!
Q::What are you talking about?
A::You've been so good to me. You're the brother I never had. I'm the brother you never had.
Q::...The thousand dollars, of course, was only due in the event that you succeeded in bringing Dickie home. Naturally, I hope the trip has afforded you some pleasure despite the failure of its main objective you need no longer consider yourself obligated to us in any way...
A::You can't blame him. You could hardly expect this to go on forever.
Q::I guess.
A::The landlady -- as far as I could tell, the landlady said he was here right now.
Q::What about Christmas?
A::He was supposed to come skiing. I didn't get a cable or a call or a note or, frankly, a fart.
Q::And his passport photo? Did you hear? To scratch out your own face like that -- can you imagine -- the frame of mind you'd have to be in?  I've thought about going to the police but I can't face it. I can't face anything anymore.
A::I feel guilty. I feel like I pushed him away. I spoke and he heard you.
Q::Marge has been telling us about the rings.
A::You know I feel ridiculous I didn't mention them yesterday -- I clean forgot -- ridiculous.
Q::I could probably see my bedroom from here. I can see my house. When you see where you live from a distance it's like a dream, isn't it?
A::I don't care for B.S. I don't care to hear it. I don't care to speak it.
Q::You've seen the papers, you know what a big deal it's been here. American tourist murdered --
A::It's ridiculous but now you've mentioned the stench I can hardly breathe.
Q::What do you mean lied about who you are?
A::I suppose I always thought -- better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.
Q::The telephone, the press, I've been, I'm feeling hounded -- do you think you could not give out my address?
A::Never. We've had many requests and, of course, we say no -- even to your fiance.
Q::Nah, this'll be fine.
A::You can't carry in a cab even with a permit -- so why bother?
Q::Three in the morning? I don't think so. I have to go to bed early. I work days. It must have been somebody else.
A::No. It was you. You had some manila folders and a pink bag from Saks.
Q::You're right! Now I remember! It was after the Western regional planners were in town and the meeting went late. The next day I was completely bushed. It was unbelievable.
A::If it wasn't for a drunk I would have picked you up. He wanted to go to the DMZ.
Q::No, why?
A::Why's that taxi driver across the street been staring at us?
Q::Yeah. We went to Harvard together. 
A::We call him Dough-Boy cause he likes the dollars. He'll chase a buck straight into Jersey.
Q::Well, you ever need one, I know a feller that kin getcha a real nice deal. Lotsa shit around.
A::The cops and company raise hell they find out.
Q::Yeah. From the likes of them.
A::It's your time mister. Fifteen minutes ain't long.  That cigarette burns out, your time is up.
Q::Why? Who are you?
A::I drive a taxi. You tried to get away one night. Remember?
Q::No.
A::You tried to run away in my taxi but your friend -- Sport -- wouldn't let you.
Q::Do you understand why I came here?
A::I think so. I tried to get into your cab one night, and now you want to come and take me away.
Q::What makes you so high and mighty? Did you ever look at your own eyeballs in a mirror. You don't get eyes like that from...
A::He's worse than an animal. Jail's too good for scum like that.
Q::So howsit?
A::Some fleet driver for Bell just got cut up. Just heard it on the radio.
Q::I believe you.
A::The truth is, I'm a lot of things, but communist isn't one of them.
Q::You know, everyone's so excited about the Bijou re-opening...
A::It's gonna cost over nine hundred dollars to open the place, Delly.
Q::Nine hundred...
A::Yeah, and needless to say, none of us has that kind of money lying around.
Q::What... do you remember?
A::Well... everything.  It started coming back a couple of days ago. I remember everything now.
Q::Cecil!  Cecil, there's a young man in there...
A::Lord love a duck, Harry, you wanna give me a heart attack right in front of the doctor's office?
Q::Kid, that cuts no ice with them.
A::What?  That I'm accused of being a communist when I don't happen to be one?
Q::Found me.
A::Yeah.  I hope you don't mind.  I didn't know anyone lived here... well, besides Harry.  And me.
Q::Yes?
A::The man at the post office sent me. He said you'd know the name of the little Brenner girl.
Q::Cathy?
A::The one who lives in the white house across the bay?
Q::Why didn't Annie stay for dinner?
A::She said something about having to get home to take a call from her mother back East.
Q::Forgive me. I suppose I'm just naturally curious about a girl like that.  She's very rich, isn't she?
A::I suppose so. Her father owns a big newspaper in San Francisco.
Q::Where will we go?
A::I don't know yet.  I think we'll be safe here.  Let's bring that wood in.
Q::Sixty...  Oh.
A::About an hour and a half on the freeway. Or two if you take the coast highway.
Q::Oh.
A::I'd hold the birds for him, but I'm going away myself. Someone's got to feed them, I suppose.
Q::Doesn't what make me...?
A::All these innocent little creatures caged up like this?
Q::Well, we can't just let them fly around the shop, you know.
A::I suppose not. Is there an ornithological reason for keeping them in separate cages?
Q::I didn't break that window!
A::No, but your little prank did. The judge should have put you behind bars!
Q::I really shouldn't have any more. I'm a little tipsy already.
A::I'm trying to get you to stay for dinner. We're going to have a lot of roast left over.
Q::Even the birds sitting out there. It does look very much the same, Mitch. This could be last week.
A::It may not be last week again for a long long time.
Q::Yes, all right, I'll wait for you. Good-by. 
A::I hardly think a few birds are going to bring about the end of the world.
Q::You don't went to find him. Your news will keep until I tell him.
A::But I must tell him -- he must know of it. Please -- tell me where he is.
Q::Of course -- I don't have friends. That's because I can't walk.  I try to make myself used to it.
A::One shouldn't get used to the wrong things, Georgina.  You want to walk and run and play.
Q::He'll not leave the grave -- not since Wednesday last when we buried the lad.
A::Your son, ma'am?  He must have been a fine boy for the wee dog to love him so.
Q::Not much danger here, ma'am, I wouldn't think -- right here in the heart of Edinburgh.
A::They're uncommon bold, the grave robbers -- and the daft doctors who drive them on.
Q::You say you've come here on your own account?  No one knows you are here?
A::Give me money or I'll tell the police you murder the "subjects."
Q::You and I should work together.
A::You mean we would sell the bodies to the doctors together? Dig them up?
Q::You're daft.  What's Gray to me. He's only a man from whom I buy what I need when I need it -- the rest is forgotten.
A::You may deny the devil, Toddy, but you'll not rid yourself of him by saying the devil is dead.
Q::Hey. I said what I saw. Two kids arguing. A guy and a girl.
A::You said you saw me with this. I never held it until today.
Q::Tommy Leonard. The eyewitness in the Corvis case.
A::Some hooker phoned it in. There was a riot at his apartment yesterday.
Q::What is it?
A::The cop who found the knife in Corvis's car.
Q::Honey. It's doesn't mean anything. It's not a message.
A::That guy in the cemetery today said he knew everything about Lauren.
Q::What about your personal safety in the meantime? What about the Army -- and the police?
A::My name is Carpenter and I'm a very earthy character living in a respectable boarding house.
Q::Gee -- those look like diamonds!
A::Some places that's what people use for money. They're easy to carry -- and they don't wear out.
Q::Bet they're worth about a million dollars.
A::Would you give me your two dollars for a couple of them?
Q::We certainly did.
A::We went to the movies -- and we had ice cream cones -- and we went to see Daddy--
Q::I -- I'm not sure I understand--
A::I want to meet with representatives from all the nations of the Earth.
Q::You must have a rather strange impression of us.
A::The first two years of television we were convinced that all you did was wrestle.
Q::Your impatience is quite understandable.
A::I am impatient with stupidity. My people have learned to live without it.
Q::Well, we could--
A::There's always somebody here, but today of course they've all got plans.
Q::You think it's all right for you to stay here?
A::I've got a good lock on my door.  And Bobby's going to sleep in my room tonight.
Q::How do you know?
A::Never mind about that.  You've got to promise me you won't say a word to anybody.
Q::What is it you want?
A::Before I ask you to be honest with me, perhaps I should be completely honest with you--
Q::It's only a few blocks to Barnhardt's.
A::I'm worried about Gort. I'm afraid of what he might do -- if anything should happen to me.
Q::Well, he's not here. And he won't be back till this evening.  I think you'd better leave now. Unruffled, Klaatu turns to the desk and scribbles something on a scratch pad. He tears off the piece of paper and hands it to Hilda.
A::You might keep this.  I think the professor will want to get in touch with me.
Q::Is it worth anything?
A::I have never seen such a stone. Will you please tell me where it came from?
Q::I suppose you know that Barnhardt does a lot of secret work for the Army.
A::In this case the secret wouldn't be worth much. He doesn't know the answer himself.
Q::He's telling the truth!  Aren't you, Michael?
A::To free you, we must destroy the leader of the vampires.
Q::Max?  You men we're having company again?
A::'Again'?  Dad... you haven't had company in this house since Mom died eight years ago.
Q::See you later.
A::I get off in another twenty minutes.  I thought maybe we'd all get a bite together.
Q::I wouldn't have given my Mom such a hard time about moving here if I'd known I was going to meet you.
A::I used to fight with my family all the time... just got fed up and ran away.
Q::This is kind of a cool place.
A::I'm so excited I just can't hide it.  I'm about to lode control and I think I like it.
Q::Star.
A::Don't kill anybody until we get back to you...
Q::That's impossible, man!  Okay, Clark, out of the john where I can see you!
A::It's shorted out or something!
Q::What are you doing?
A::You're a dead man, MacReady -- or a dead whatever the hell you are!
Q::Couple seconds of an Argentine disco station.
A::Well, stick with it.  I want you at it round the clock.  We got to get help in here...
Q::He might just wait us out.
A::I'm going to blow the generator when you get back.  He'll have to come for us -- or freeze.
Q::Vox --
A::Imagine that... seems that little devil got my power relays...
Q::Why?
A::We have lost the capacity to reproduce.  But the species must continue.
Q::... One day he'll be discovered by some future archeologists and they won't know what to make of him. The thick brow, so lacking in imagination.  The dim little eyes, devoid of curiosity.
A::You know generally teachers are supposed to teach real equations that add up to real numbers.
Q::Look at them, Philby, all alike, everyone in an identical bowler hat.  Do you want your students to turn out like them?
A::I want my students to emerge with theoretical and practical knowledge.
Q::I can't do that --
A::When's the last time you were outside this house --  -- or this room?
Q::How long did you travel?
A::Well it seems like a long time -- but it wasn't really.  It's rather hard to explain.
Q::We don't have anything like this. Or the machine where Kalen found you.  And I doubt they do beyond the valley... Now where do you come from?
A::You might find the truth rather hard to understand.
Q::Relax.
A::Don't act like I don't know what's real. [Beat] I'm not the one that's crazy here.
Q::Yes.
A::Getting away with things. Like whatever I may or may not have gotten away with Officer Harrison.
Q::I don't know how you died. The last time I put you in the Jacket was just after you told me you remembered killing that police officer...
A::I didn't say I remembered killing him. I just repeated some words to get myself back in there.
Q::Of people like you. People I was just trying to help. They couldn't get worse so I thought, with medication, they might get...
A::Medication? What kind of meds do you chase with nights in a cadaver drawer?
Q::You're sure?
A::Yeah. I called the number yesterday to make sure. Thomas Becker, retired M.D.
Q::Oh no, you're pretty young. Your body'll be able to handle a lot more of it than you think...
A::No. [Beat] I mean I found out while I was in it that my body's gonna be found in four days.
Q::Who do you think did it?
A::Has anybody asked his wife?  She's the one I hope did it.
Q::I am the great and powerful Oz...
A::J.D.!  Just tell me.  I know you're not some schoolboy.  Now come on, nobody ever tells me shit.
Q::What?!  Parole officer?  You mean you're a criminal?
A::Well, not anymore, Thelma, except for bustin' parole, I haven't done one wrong thing.
Q::Is that how you answer the phone?
A::I got it.  I was afraid I'd missed you.  I almost couldn't get a check cashed.  It's Saturday.
Q::Don't worry darlin'.  I'll say I never found you.  I'll say anything you want.  We'll find a way to get you out of this, whatever it is.
A::Damn, Jimmy, did you take a pill that makes you say all the right stuff?
Q::For the first time in my life, I wish this car wasn't green.
A::Are you sure we should be driving like this?  In broad daylight and everything?
Q::What little dogs?
A::You know those little dogs you see people with?
Q::Uh-huh. I was worried about you.
A::Well... thank you. But... you know you're not supposed to be within four hundred yards of me.
Q::Stop it!
A::Just one pair! You owe me that much, you heartless bitch!
Q::Give me a break. Remember five years ago, when your kidneys failed? If you were a loser would they have been able to find a donor with an exact tissue match? What are the odds of that, one in a million?
A::Oh, so I'm lucky because my brother got killed in an explosion?
Q::Never met him.
A::Jesus, Ted, you've got to finish that damn novel so you can quit that stupid magazine.
Q::Mary.
A::From high school Mary? Yeah, I saw her about six months ago at a convention in Las Vegas.
Q::We're in love with your roommate.
A::Aw, Christ, I can't take it anymore. I'm gonna pack my bags and go back to my own place.
Q::You should thank me -- that girl was not easy to find. What'd she scam you out of-some insurance dough?
A::Nah, some guy threw me a few bucks to track down his high school girlfriend.
Q::So where the hell are you, Healy?
A::Ah, I got a date tonight with that Mary girl I told you about.
Q::I know he's around here someplace.
A::What say we get outta here and go crush a bucket?
Q::Thanks for picking me up.
A::No prob, I could use the company. I've been on the road going on fifteen hours straight.
Q::I'd go with the seven.
A::Bingo. Especially since we guarantee you'll get every bit as good a work- out.
Q::I don't watch the new ones.
A::This one's almost thirty years old. It's about a young kid and an old lady who fall in love.
Q::Don't bet on it. Last time I had a pap smear the guy needed leather gloves and an oyster shucker.
A::So maybe I could find a nice gentleman to take you to the movies.
Q::Oh, are you on the team?
A::No, a couple of the players and me were joking around and, uh, I fell off the school.
Q::Well you look great. Are you married, do you have kids?
A::Nope, nope -- dodged a few bullets.  God, I cannot believe I'm standing here with Mary Jenson.
Q::I'm kidding. I'd really love to, Ted, but the thing is I already have plans. How about tomorrow night?
A::Mary, we haven't seen each other in twelve years.  Don't make me wait another day.
Q::Now by killer, you mean...?
A::I mean he murdered someone and did time back in Boston. The guy's a freak.
Q::But but what about Steve?
A::Oh yeah, that'd make golf real fun -- the guy doesn't even drink beer or gamble.
Q::It's no big deal, whatever I mean, if you want.
A::See, the thing is, I heard a rumor that this guy I like was gonna ask me.
Q::There's still no sign they know that we know about the missiles. Been a lot of cloud cover; probably think we aren't getting any good product.
A::We keep 'em in the dark as long as we can. But I sure as hell am going to test him.
Q::Goddamn Stevenson. Jesus. Peace at any price. You'd think nobody learned anything from World War Two.
A::Somebody had to say it. I respect Adlai for having the guts to risk looking like an appeaser.
Q::Who gives a shit about the midterms now? The Soviets are putting nuclear weapons ninety miles away from us.
A::You mean there's something more important than votes? Didn't think I'd live to see the day, Ken.
Q::I'll do it.
A::It's too politicized with you in there, anyway. They need to be able to stick their necks out.
Q::Zorin will eat him alive!
A::Then talk to your brother, goddamn it. The two of you don't need any advice to get into trouble.
Q::Where've you been? We've been trying to find you all morning.
A::Helen and I went out for breakfast. EXCOM's not supposed to convene til eight.
Q::Three weeks before midterm elections? You need me.
A::Well. There is a new civil rights initiative he wants to talk about.
Q::That's going to be tough. You know how these guys are about their chains of command...
A::Any problems, you remind them those chains of commands end at one place. Me.
Q::We can horsetrade with Khruschev on ships. But it doesn't get us any closer to removing those missiles.
A::Have to hope it's a signal that he'll back down on the real issue too.
Q::We give them something. We tell them we'll remove the missiles from Turkey say, six months from now so that there appears to be no linkage. We also tell them if they go public about it, we deny it and the deal is off.
A::And we do it under the table so we can disavow any knowledge of it.
Q::Captain, force the sub to the surface for inspection.
A::Mr. President! We're receiving reports that the ships are stopping!
Q::You know how in your big cities, you got your niggers and you got your Puerto Ricans? Well out here we got Indians. That's just the way it is.
A::The only good Indian is a dead Indian, does that old adage still hold true out here?
Q::This was a Selective Operations Unit, Agent Levoi. There is classified information pertaining to our national security. You don't question that, you don't go digging into that shit -- that's insubordination. Jesus Christ --
A::-- if they mine uranium there, these people will have no place left to go...
Q::This Clear Moon's house?
A::Yeah. It's time to beat the drum. You better wait here. He don't trust the white man.
Q::I thought it was a rare case of a brother getting a break in the courts. We did an honorin' song for him and everything.
A::He's looking at a few hundred years in Leavenworth. He's not gonna come out without a fight.
Q::You take care.
A::If you ever need a place to come back to and listen to the trees a little... we'll be here.
Q::I have a pick-up truck. No plates. Subject -- Indian -- entering suspect's house. Over.
A::Okay, Ray. I'm coming in. If he starts to leave the area, move in. And hold him. Over.
Q::That's not what I heard.
A::We won! Ice turns back, stares them down, then turns back into his locker, dismissing them.
Q::You see all those guys with gold on their shoulders!!?... Oh, no, I think that was Johnson, Air Boss of the Kitty Hawk!
A::Come on, we beat an instructor. How many times in your life do you get to do a victory roll?
Q::A plaque?
A::It's not the plaque. The winner can get assigned here as instructor. He gets to fight every day.
Q::He's a good pilot.
A::I talked a man back once. Three months later, we lost him. It's his decision. Only he knows.
Q::What happened to number five?
A::Ah, shit.  You got me.  I ain't even married.  Now put your fucking hands in the air!
Q::Well, Cohaagen, I have to hand it to you...This is the best mindfuck yet.
A::Don't take my word for it, Quaid. Someone you trust wants to talk to you.
Q::Listen to me!  He's been going on and on about Mars.  He's really been there.
A::Use your head, you dumb bitch!  He's acting out the secret agent role from his Ego Trip!
Q::Why not?
A::A friend of mine tried one of their "special offers"...Nearly got himself lobotomized.
Q::Harry from work...He was the boss.
A::Take it easy.  Tell me exactly what happened?  Why would "spies" want to kill you?
Q::I'm not interested in that.
A::You're gonna love this. --We offer you a choice of alternate identities during your trip.
Q::This is too weird.
A::Then he dumped me on Earth with a wife and a lousy job and ...
Q::What do you think?  Max firepower or...?
A::I'd go for penetration.  The 458 shooting solids -- less ammo to carry anyway.
Q::That's fine.  We've got some new things to teach them.
A::Damn it!  They'll sink this rig just like a boat!
Q::I might have an idea...
A::We're gonna have to come up with some kind of plan or it's just gonna wait us to death.
Q::Catch it later, Pham.  Gotta get over to Nestor's.
A::Right.  We plan ahead.  That way we don't do anything right now.  Earl explained it to me.
Q::Jeez, look at that guy.
A::One job I'd never take is working around electricity.
Q::Use the fucking bomb!
A::So, we get back on that rock and in three days we're dead anyway.
Q::We're here, Val.  Just tell us what you need.  Come back.
A::They're tearing down the houses here!  We all gotta get outta here together!  Now!
Q::I move that the witness's testimony be stricken. He has clearly been terrorized by the prosecution, he's --
A::The testimony will remain in the record. Do you wish to cross-examine?
Q::Don't tell me where to work. I moved to New York to work for Edward Dowd. But I can't believe that Edward Dowd has nothing better to do these days than invoke exalted legal issues to get off guilty little --
A::Hey. You plan to be a criminal defense attorney, know this going in: Everybody's guilty.
Q::...So what would we claim? He stabbed Duane Lindeman in self-defense?
A::With two knives taped to his hands? Forget it, Rog.
Q::-- Easy as that, huh?
A::Easy? No... We have to find some piece of evidence that got buried, to reopen the sucker.
Q::"The killer wasn't Chinese"... Cecil Stipe was right. .!
A::Everyone else was wrong and the one fucking lunatic was right!
Q::They're Chinamen who speak English. We call them informants.
A::And I call your testimony hearsay. I have no more questions for you.
Q::Lemme guess. Some corporate V.P.'s banging his secretary over lunch and you have to focus your camera and plug in your little tape recorder.
A::Beats getting paid in twenties by slimedogs selling angel dust to high school seniors.
Q::Start looking into the Joe Boys -- who assigned the hits in 1980, what rank generally did the hits...  Your extensive law enforcement contacts should be of some use.
A::I was never politically correct enough for Comrade Dowd.
Q::I embellished.
A::"Dowd also reports that his team of private investigators..."?
Q::I embroidered.
A::"...are close to naming the man they believe actually killed Jimmy Chin"?
Q::Quite a bit you didn't tell me.
A::When I joined up I took an oath of secrecy. I told you what you needed to know.
Q::Now maybe you got this case reopened because you see yourself as a thorn in society's side, or you want to walk into any restaurant in Chinatown and get free dumplings...
A::Are you implying that my motives are less than sincere?
Q::Friday's the drop-dead date on the offer.
A::Please don't bullshit me, Mr. Reynard. You've got witness problems, you've got proof problems...
Q::We reconvict, your man's looking at 25 years on two counts, served consecutively. So what I'd like to ask, Ed, is: Are you joking?
A::I never joke about waiving a client's Sixth Amendment right to trial.
Q::Isn't it a fact that the "six other Asian men" in the line-up were all of the classic Mongoloid type, whereas Shu has the distinct facial bone structure of a Korean?
A::Objection. The witness is not an expert in racial classification.
Q::Your Honor, I know as much about these gangs as anyone; I'm well aware of the secrecy in which their machinations are cloaked... I assure you this witness offers the court a rare opportunity to place the defendant's crime --
A::-- alleged crime --
Q::Did you do any hands-on work or did you just supervise, from on high?
A::Mr. Dowd, I was personally involved with all phases -- and principals -- of the investigation.
Q::I don't think I know that name.
A::-- But you just said you were personally involved with all the principals of the investigation.
Q::Mr. Ortega, you've known the defendant at Ossining Correctional for how long?
A::I would tend to plead the Fifth.
Q::No... No, go away.
A::I'm glad you let me talk to you. You used to not let me talk to you.
Q::No shit...  We killed a guy for baby laxative.
A::What is the world coming to when you kill a guy for baby laxative?
Q::Let's ditch this place and party.
A::Not tonight. Just give me something to take home to hold me over till tomorrow.
Q::He's with me.  Anything you would like to tell us about Teresa Banks that would help us out?
A::I've thought about that. I think her death is what you would call a "freak accident".
Q::I see. He does talk loud.
A::Gordon would not have sent us to Deer Meadow without thinking it was a high priority situation.
Q::Where's Dad?
A::Ben asked him to stay late to plan for the Norwegians.
Q::When's the next business trip, big fella?
A::Soon. How about next time we party with the girlfriends you told me about?
Q::You know what that would mean?
A::To get somebody from a Boston hospital to say he'll testify?
Q::I do. Yes.
A::You swore on this form that the patient ate nine hours ago.
Q::Objection!
A::And you would come here, and on a slip of memory four years ago, you'd ruin their lives.
Q::Her sister said she ate one hour prior to admittance... she...
A::...that's what the sister said. The chart said she ate nine hours prior to...
Q::...Page 414, 'If a patient has taken nourishment within one hour prior to inducement, general anesthetic should be avoided at all costs because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particles into his mask.' Is that what happened to Deborah Ann Kaye? She aspirated into her mask?
A::She threw up in her mask, yes. But she hadn't eaten one hour prior to admission.
Q::What did she say?
A::She said she had a full meal one hour before coming to the hospital.
Q::Yes, Mr. Galvin?
A::If I may be permitted to question my own witness in my own way...
Q::I'm sorry, Sir, we're not allowed...
A::...Would you, would you call him up. I'll give you my number, and ask him...
Q::We find that your subscription lapsed...
A::My subscription lapsed three years ago...
Q::Sally Doneghy, now who is that?
A::One lousy letter eighteen months ago... I try to throw a fuckin' case your way...
Q::Been a long time, huh...?
A::I'm getting it back. Don't worry about me, Mick. I'm fine. D'you find the obstetric nurse?
Q::Today is Tuesday. What?
A::I've got to go see Gruber.  What's the best cigars you have?
Q::Give 'em a box of Macanudos.
A::Mickey: I'm supposed to meet somebody at O'Rourke's, I can't make it.
Q::There's only one thing that will stop the Martians!  We've held back pre- viously because of the danger of radiation to civilians.  Now there's no choice.  The United Nations has voted authority to the United States.  The White House will confirm an order to use the Atom bomb.
A::Then our first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles.
Q::What's that fellow over there trying to do - dig it out?
A::He's top man in astro and nuclear physics.  He knows all about meteors!
Q::I might have recognized you without the beard.  And you didn't wear glasses on the 'Time' cover!
A::They're really for long distance. When I want to look at something close...  I take them off.
Q::I just told them the local situation. Colonel Heffner's in full charge now.
A::You never know where you're going to wind up when you go to a square dance!
Q::I never noticed before - that's a cowboy tie....
A::I bought it for the square dance. I thought I ought to wear some- thing Western.
Q::Very futuristic.  Yours doesn't really go with that butch haircut!
A::I could wear it longer -- but it's less trouble this way.
Q::A forlorn hope - but there is a chance.
A::It might give us time to search out some weakness in the Martians.
Q::Chase.  Why didn't Chuck or Terry show up?
A::Forget those two clowns, Heather.  Answer me, did you get another call from that guy or not?
Q::You okay, champ?
A::Can we go get Rex, now?  The bad man's getting awful close.
Q::You're not crazy, by the way.
A::Thinking I saw Freddy in the grave feels pretty crazy.  And jumping in...
Q::Yeah, Julie, I'm sorry.  I just thought...there was an earthquake, I think.  Little one, but...
A::Big truck went right by before you opened the door.  Life on the Fault Line.
Q::That low passed through last night. May be a little bumpy out there.
A::It's time these boys saw some real blue water.
Q::What?
A::He never would have believed a woman like you existed.
Q::Come in.
A::Skipper, uh, the crew is pretty much doing group boot over the side.
Q::Yeah, that's right.  You wanna come in and shake it for me?
A::If you're gonna cheat, you might as well copy off somebody who's gonna get the answer right.
Q::You gonna jump?  Or are you just having a last look?
A::I was just thinking that I never had a new pair of shoes till I was twelve.
Q::So... What happened?
A::My mother says in this really low, but very awake kind of voice "What?"
Q::It works?
A::Swear to God.  Only good advice he ever gave me.  Now, go back to sleep.
Q::But you invited is aboard.
A::Your cannons made a compelling argument.
Q::That's not a satisfactory answer.
A::Look, save it for somebody else will ya.  This ancient shit doesn't have anything to do with me.
Q::You gotta be kidding?  He's a human chum line!
A::No self respecting shark is gonna take a bite out of you.
Q::Suicidal...
A::The first thing is I don't like people talking when I'm talking so the two of you, shut up.
Q::But how are you finding New Orleans, Senor Farragut?
A::Call me Johnnie... N.O. has always been a good town to sit around in.
Q::Gotta admit, you guys are -  two in four dozen.
A::The real joke is we never went fishing, but we're still fishing.
Q::Well, I was thinkin' about smokin' actually... My mama smokes Marlboros now, used to be she smoked Kools? I stole 'em from her beginnin' in about sixth grade. When I got old enough to buy my own, I bought those. Now I've just about settled on Mores, as you probably noticed? They're longer.
A::I guess I started smokin' when I was about six... My mama was already dead from lung cancer...
Q::What brand'd she smoke?
A::Camels, same as me... Guess both my mama and my daddy died of smoke or alcohol related illness.
Q::Sailor, you are somethin' else, honey... When I was fifteen, Mama told me that pretty soon I'd be startin' to think about sex, and I should talk to her before I did anything about it.
A::But honey, I thought you told me your Uncle Pooch raped you when you was thirteen.
Q::Actin' funny how?
A::Well, like mama told me, Aunt Rootie, Dell's mama? She found cockroaches in Dell's underwear.
Q::...That's an awful long way to go, just to get some pussy.
A::Yeah, I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez. At that age you still got a lot of energy.
Q::I suppose so. She knew I was bound to see you soon as you was sprung, but I don't figure she counted on us takin' off together like this... I guess this means you're breakin' parole, then?
A::You guess? My parole was broke two hundred miles back when we burnt Portagee County.
Q::What'll it be like in California, Sailor, do you think? I hear it don't rain much there.
A::You got about six more big states to go before we find out.
Q::They sure do stink.
A::Yeah, I guess, but - and here's the lesson part - they ain't supposed to be so bad for you.
Q::What's that, peanut?
A::One person thinks he's doin' somethin' good and ever'body else gets upset about it.
Q::Trust me on it.
A::I do trust you, Sailor. Like I ain't never trusted nobody before.
Q::Perhaps we should call a local law enforcement officer.
A::HELL NO!!! That's the last thing we need... A buncha cops runnin' around.
Q::What do you want me to do about it?
A::I want you to take care of Sailor, so he won't ever be able to bother my baby again.
Q::That's just another part of the price to pay.
A::Santos... You kill that Sailor, otherwise he's gonna turn my baby against me.
Q::Sure... I figured I'd see you sometime...
A::Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me. I really need to know.
Q::I was explaining to Antonia how a book comes to be published. What you do as a writer, what I do as an editor...
A::I sweat blood for five years and he checks for spelling.
Q::Jesus. There must be two dozen windows on that thing. How are we supposed to find his?
A::I told you. They keep him chained in the basement. Come on.
Q::Is that in my chart?
A::I spoke with the woman who saved your life. You're lucky she came along when she did.
Q::It's feels unreal, like butterfly wings or... something. It must've cost Dr. Gaskell a lot.
A::I guess. Walter never tells Sara the truth about how much he pays for these things.
Q::Jesus.
A::Crabtree said it sounded like something James would be messed up in.
Q::New?
A::Walter just got it back from the framer today.
Q::You heard? How?
A::A twelve-year-old policeman came by the house this morning.
Q::Oh?
A::It seems one of our students is -- missing and his parents found a dead dog in his bed.
Q::I didn't say what time the assault occurred.
A::You said last night. I went to bed pretty early.
Q::Why do you think you're here?
A::You know why. It's part of the parole deal.
Q::What the hell are you doing there?
A::Did you and your sister often take naps together?
Q::No you're not.
A::Don't tell me I'm not a fucking asshole when I know I'm a fucking asshole!
Q::I don't need a plant.
A::Everyone needs a plant. This ivy is one tough baby. It's a cutting from one of mine.
Q::What's goin' on, Boss?
A::Folks, I've just been told to shut down the hole and prepare to move the rig.
Q::No, I think you were.  Come on, admit it.
A::I was worried about the rig.  I've got over four years invested in this project.
Q::What about O-2?
A::Brace yourself.  We've got about 12 hours worth if we close off the sections we're not using.
Q::All I'm saying is when you're hanging on by your fingernails, you don't go waving you arms around.
A::I saw something!  I'm not going to go back there and say I didn't see it when I did.  I'm sorry.
Q::It's already two hours... What are we going to do?
A::It takes about twenty to twenty-two hours for the current to reach here from Lisca Bianca.
Q::And yet, she seemed to feel that our love for her -- mine, yours, even her father's, in a certain sense -- weren't enough for her, or didn't mean much to her.
A::I know. I keep asking myself what I could have done to prevent all this from happening.
Q::At one time the Aeolian isles were all volcanoes.
A::You must know your third grade geography book inside out.
Q::But Corrado...  If something is beautiful why shouldn't one say so?
A::He never misses a chance to humiliate me, to let me know that he doesn't care about me any more.
Q::You men are all so dreadful!
A::I know we are. But as the years go by, we become even worse. Isn't that so, Corrado?
Q::I work there but I'm really a stranger.
A::I tell you this acquaintance of mine knows you and she has often spoken to me about you.
Q::No I don't... the host is enough.
A::My dear, I don't think a communion wafer has the recommended daily allowance of anything.
Q::Why?
A::In the medieval days the nuns and monks would sleep in their own coffins.
Q::What else did she tell you?
A::She said all of God's angels would want to sleep beside me if they could. I liked that.
Q::Sister Paul was in her eighties?  Did she climb up here often?
A::No, only when she felt like it. She brought me up here last winter and the next day she died.
Q::Like what?
A::Numbers... you can spend your whole life counting and never reach the end.
Q::What things?
A::She knew what was going to happen to me. That's why she hid me away.
Q::Why not?
A::Well I don't think I'm old enough and besides I don't want to have a baby.
Q::No, no, no...
A::I can get you new evidence next week.
Q::Oh, we own the land around here. But we rent it out. We keep a few acres for ourselves,  some wheat, corn, some vegetables.
A::Well that's a lot of land. You must have help. Do you have field hands that help you?
Q::How did she hide it during the day?
A::She could have hidden a machine gun in here if she had wanted to.
Q::And you didn't try to find out who?
A::Believe me, I've done everything possible short of asking Agnes.
Q::From other people!  I believe she is not crazy, nor is she lying.
A::How could she have a baby and know nothing of sex or birth?
Q::I've already told you what I thought.
A::That she was unconscious, yes!  So someone easily could have come in the room and killed the...
Q::Who?
A::One of the other nuns found out about the baby and... and wanted to avoid a scandal.
Q::She has it now.
A::I know what you're thinking, she's a hysteric pure and simple.
Q::Not simple, no.
A::I saw it. Clean through the palm of her hand. Do you think hysteria could do that?
Q::When was that?
A::The twenty third of January. On that night one of our elder nuns passed away.
Q::An unhappy woman...
A::She's happy with us and she could go on being happy if she was left alone.
Q::Fine thanks...
A::Do you suppose the saints would have smoked if tobacco had been popular back then?
Q::Don't be ridiculous.
A::Well give me a reasonable explanation
Q::You hid the wastepaper basket in her room.
A::I didn't hide it. I put it there for the blood and the dirty sheets.
Q::We're nearly there, sir.
A::Eh ... don't call him sir, he's got enough delusions of power as it is.
Q::You never know, you might be lucky this time.
A::No, I know the psychological pattern and it plays hell with me drum skins.
Q::Only Susan Campey, our resident teenager. You'll have to love her. She's your symbol.
A::Oh, you mean that posh bird who gets everything wrong?
Q::Did you look in here?
A::No. I mean, it's probably a honeymoon couple or a company director or something.
Q::... all this and a jam butty too!!
A::I only enjoy acting for myself. I hate it when other people are let in.
Q::All right, how about Ringo? I mean ... he's very upset, you know ... and as far as your girlfriend, little Audrey's concerned, she's finished with men for the rest of her natural, and another thing ...
A::A harmless bit of fun, aah, none of you have any sense of humour left these days.
Q::Look he's a mixer and a trouble maker!
A::That's right, but he's only asking us to pay attention to him, aren't you?
Q::Paul, John, George - get at it.
A::Hello the income tax have caught up with us at last.
Q::Are you in pain?
A::Not exactly, just feel like somebody's been beating me with rubber hoses for about six years.
Q::We could cut a section out of that metallite netting.  It won't hold up to that acid, but aside from that it's pretty strong.
A::We have to avoid injuring it.  What we really need is some electric animal prods.
Q::What happened to the lights?
A::Bulbs burned out, nobody bothered to replace 'em.
Q::So does anybody have any suggestions?
A::We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship.  That would kill it.
Q::It's a crude symbolic language -- looks primitive.
A::You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits...
Q::No, don't open the door.  We don't want it escaping.
A::Well, what the hell good can we do in here?  We can't grab it -- it might jump on us --
Q::We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit!  It'll flood the whole ship!
A::The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out.
Q::Oh no!  We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men!
A::I don't buy that.  There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers.
Q::This should do it.
A::I should hope so!  And we'd better make sure it's pretty far from the ship when we blow it.
Q::Isn't "bait" the word you used?
A::Hey look, somebody has to have his hands free to lock the creature in the lifeboat!
Q::Well, we can't go anywhere in this darkness.  How long till dawn?
A::Well... this rock rotates every two hours.  The sun should be coming up in about 20 minutes.
Q::Doesn't seem much doubt about it, does there?
A::That creature sure must have considered it important... using his last strength to draw it...
Q::This looks ancient.
A::Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything, fast.
Q::We're just plain lucky.  That could have gone right through the hull -- taken <u>weeks</u> to patch it.
A::Reminded me of when I was a kid and the roof leaked -- everybody running for the pots and pans.
Q::I'm going to write a book about this expedition.  I'm going to call it "The Snark Log."
A::The commander normally has first publication rights.
Q::And what do we do when we find it?
A::We'll have to trap it somehow.  If we had a really strong piece of net, we could bag it.
Q::This is Chaz speaking.  Sorry, but we are not home.  Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth. Remain at your posts and stand by. That is all.
A::Chaz, I've got something here on my security alert.  A high priority from the computer...
Q::I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he's been working non-stop on the engines.
A::If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship --
Q::We made it!  Damn, we made it!
A::You bet we made it.  Martin, set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive.
Q::What's it doing, having a seizure?
A::It started crashing around right after we locked it in.
Q::Are you <u>crazy</u>?
A::The man would need protection, obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him.
Q::Thanks.
A::Let's just run through it one more time so I know you've got it straight.
Q::Also with the reluctant compliments of Max Fabian.
A::Lloyd. I never have any, and he likes a couple of drinks after we finish - so he sent it up...
Q::Addison, just a few minutes ago. When I told you this would be a night to remember - that it would bring me everything I wanted-
A::- something about an old road ending and a new one starting - paved with stars...
Q::I had to get in, to meet Margo! I had to say something, be somebody, make her like me!
A::She did like you, she helped and trusted you! You paid her back by trying to take Bill away!
Q::Because I don't want to.
A::Max has gone to a great deal of trouble, it's going to be an elaborate party, and it's for you.
Q::I'm tired. I want to go home.
A::Very well. I shall drop you and go on to the party. I have no intention of missing it...
Q::Answer me this. What makes a man become a producer?
A::What makes a man walk into a lion cage with nothing but a chair?
Q::Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. deWitt's mother - Miss Caswell, Miss Harrington...  Addison, I've been wanting you to meet Eve for the longest time-
A::It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it...
Q::Naturally enough, your understudy.
A::I consider it highly unnatural to allow a girl in an advanced state of pregnancy-
Q::I leave in a week - the picture's all wrapped up, we previewed last night... those previews. Like opening out of town, but terrifying. There's nothing you can do, you're trapped, you're in a tin can-
A::- in a tin can, cellophane or wrapped in a Navajo blanket, I want you home...
Q::Happy birthday, darling...
A::The reading could have been better, but you said it - now "many happy returns of the day..."
Q::Don't let me kill the point. Or isn't it a story for grownups?
A::You've heard it. About when I looked through the wrong end of a camera finder.
Q::She hasn't cut them yet, and you know it! So when you start judging an idealistic dreamy-eyed kid by the barroom, Benzedrine standards of this megalomaniac society - I won't have it! Eve Harrington has never by word, look, thought or suggestion indicated anything to me but her adoration for you and her happiness at our being in love! And to intimate anything else doesn't spell jealousy to me - it spells a paranoic insecurity that you should be ashamed of!
A::Cut! Print it! What happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pit?
Q::I wouldn't want you to marry me just to prove something.
A::You've had so many reasons for not wanting to marry me... Margo, tell me what's behind all this.
Q::You said forty-seven minutes. You'll never make it.
A::I told you a lie. We'll make it easily. Margo's got no more conception of time than a halibut.
Q::Find out.
A::Only thing, what I go after, I want to go after. I don't want it to come after me.
Q::Not at all.
A::I've seen you so often - it took every bit of courage I could raise-
Q::Eve. I've heard the most wonderful things about your performance-
A::Mostly relief that I managed to stagger through it at all...
Q::He can help you.
A::I wish I'd never met him, I'd like him to be dead... I want my friends back.
Q::What - again?
A::I could watch you play that last scene a thousand times and cry every time-
Q::I've got it.
A::- and those checks or whatever it is for the income tax man.
Q::That little place just two hours form New York. It's on my list of things-I'll-never-understand. Like collecting shrunken Indian heads...
A::Of all people you should know what it means to want some peace and quiet-
Q::Come to think of it, I haven't been very pleasant for weeks. For that, I'm truly sorry. More than any two people I know, I don't want you and Lloyd to be angry with me...
A::We're never deeply angry, we just get sore. The way you do. We know you too well...
Q::Margo. Bill is all of eight years younger than you.
A::Those years stretch as the years go on. I've seen it happen too often.
Q::I don't suppose the heater runs when the motor doesn't?
A::Silly, isn't it? You'd think they'd fix it so people could just sit in a car and keep warm...
Q::If we could cast it properly, that is...
A::Maybe get some younger actress for the part? Someone who'd look the part as well as play it?
Q::That bitter cynicism of yours is something you've acquired since you left Radcliffe!
A::The cynicism you refer to, I acquired the day I discovered I was different from little boys!
Q::Very discreet. A note right out in the open like that. Next time tell your lover to blow smoke rings - or tap a glass...
A::Lloyd, I want you to be big about this... the world is full of love tonight, no woman is safe...
Q::I said I'm a dying man!
A::Not until the last drugstore has sold its last pill!
Q::What do you think he meant, this particular incident? Were there others? How would we find out? You know anyone important?
A::I lived here all my life, I got a million contacts, but they're all bus boys and bellhops.
Q::--we've got to find out who the five guys are--the five with access to the slush fund--they were aware of the break-in.
A::Then tomorrow's grand jury indictments will just be bullshit.
Q::What would you have done?
A::You asking would I have been one of the President's men?  I would have been.
Q::You think this was Clawsen's initiation?
A::Could have won him a fraternity paddle with a White House seal.  God knows it worked.
Q::Listen--we know you're involved in this--we're going to get the story, why not help?
A::They never told me anything except my own role--I had to find out the rest in the papers.
Q::What's a real denial?
A::If they ever start calling us goddamn liars--  --it's time to start circling the wagons.
Q::Why couldn't you have just dialed me from the office, Irwin?
A::'Cause I'm not calling out from the phone company anymore--  --I think the place is bugged.
Q::You'll have to find that out, won't you.
A::The slush fund at CREEP financed the ratfucking, we've almost got that nailed down, so--
Q::Ask him what he's really saying--he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk--
A::--well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so?--
Q::More denunciations?
A::One Senator just gave a speech slurring us 57 times in 20 minutes.
Q::Mr. Sloan?
A::My wife told me to expect you.  As you know, I haven't talked to the press.
Q::I'd like to talk to you, I really would, but my lawyers say I shouldn't until after the Watergate trial.
A::You handed out the money. Maybe there's a legitimate explanation for the way it was done--
Q::I can't say anything, I'm sorry. 
A::One thing I'm not completely clear on--when you gave out the money to Liddy, how did that work?
Q::...Nevermind.  You have anything to drink?
A::I believe the kegs are upstairs.
Q::What about you?  You're the one with the girlfriend and you're still stranded on third base.
A::You know, I've never got that shit. What exactly constitutes third base?
Q::But, but -- what would I do?
A::Anything!  Just tell her it looks like she needs an extra hand or something.
Q::This was remade?  Into what?
A::Bli-hinded by the light -- cut loose like a deuce, another runner in the night, blinded...
Q::Oh, Kev.
A::Vicky -- do you think, maybe...it's time for us to take the next step in our relationship?
Q::I put in months of quality time with Vicky.  Sherman meets a chick for one night and scores?  This is just wrong.
A::No shit, I'm never gonna get laid. How the hell am I gonna become this Mr. Sensitive Man?
Q::What the fuck are you doing here?
A::This place is an untapped resource. Check it out, dude, these vocal jazz girls are <u>hot</u>.
Q::Don't you want to change?
A::Man! Our first date and already you're trying to get me to change! You French women work quick!
Q::Shit! You bought enough pate for a fucking army!
A::So tell me, exactly which truck driver did you study English with?
Q::What does it say?
A::"Stop! Beyond this passage lie the catacombs of Paris: the exclusive domain of the dead."
Q::GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!
A::"Fuck"? You think I don't know this word "fuck"? Is that how you talk to policemen in America?
Q::It's horrible. Terrence was one of the most brilliant men I've known.
A::Yeah, well, why did he hang out here? The cops said it's dangerous -
Q::Psychic awareness. Right.
A::You think it's silly. But do you realize that young man is actually in a deep sleep?
Q::Fuck you! If I'm gonna kill myself I'll do it when I'm good and ready! You can go to hell!
A::No we can't. That's the problem. God knows it would beat hanging around with you!
Q::Who did you hear it from?
A::I heard it from everyone who said I didn't hear it from them!   Do you know Dmitri?
Q::I'm going to stretch my legs
A::That's a good idea - a great idea - stretch your legs  ... stretch then that way.
Q::What a beautiful ship!
A::It used to be a private yacht before the government took it over.
Q::Bartok ... have you ever been to Paris?
A::Me? No. Rich food - it kills me. Ever try and fly after one of those heavy sauces?
Q::I need to speak with the Dowager Empress ...
A::How much pain will you inflict on an old woman for money?!
Q::Rasputin!  You're alive . . .
A::Despite being shot, poisoned and thrown into an icy river . . . YES!
Q::Well, you take a meeting with him, I'll take a meeting with you if you'll take a meeting with Freddy.
A::I took a meeting with Freddy. Freddy took a meeting with Charlie. You take a meeting with him.
Q::I-I-I-I would leave out the men's- room attendant.
A::You're using this conspiracy theory as an excuse to avoid sex with me.
Q::In the middle?  We'll only miss the titles. They're in Swedish.
A::You wanna get coffee for two hours or something? We'll go next-
Q::Look, while we're talking we could be inside, you know that?
A::Hey, can we not stand here and argue in front of everybody, 'cause I get embarrassed.
Q::Alright. All right, all right, so whatta you wanna do?
A::I don't know now. You-you wanna go to another movie?  So let's go see The Sorrow and the Pity.
Q::Alvy, now don't panic. Please.
A::Look, I told you it was a... mistake to ever bring a live thing in the house.
Q::Great! Great!  Goddammit!  Ooooh! These are... p-p-p-pick this lobster up. Hold it, please!
A::All right! All right! All right! All right! Whatta yuh mean? Are yuh gonna take pictures now?
Q::Why not?
A::'Cause I don't like to get naked in front of another man, you know-it's, uh...
Q::That little apartment is four hundred dollars a month, Alvy.
A::That place is four hundred dollars a month?
Q::Do you realize how paranoid you are?
A::Paranoid? I'm looking at you. You got your arms around another guy.
Q::Adult education is such junk! The professors are so phony. How can you do it?
A::A bit rapidly. I don't care what you say about David, he's a perfectly fine teacher!
Q::Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun.
A::Sun is bad for yuh. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat, college...
Q::I have some very good memories there.
A::What kind of good memories, Max? Your mother and father fighting all the time.
Q::And I think they just came back from Masters and Johnson.
A::Yeah, intensive care ward.  My God-hey, Max, I think she's... I think she's giving me the eye.
Q::Well, hi!
A::Uh, we just wanted to stop by and say that we really enjoyed your sets.
Q::What is that thing?
A::So this sitter can always reach me.  I'm still not used to leaving him.
Q::Mmm.  It says something about the two of you maybe.
A::Yeah, we're in a constant state of flux.  I see you've moved up from the soft stuff.
Q::I've never done this before.
A::Oh?  It's easy.  You just put one foot in front of the other... That's a good girl.
Q::Break's over.
A::This colony needs another tunnel like a hole in the ground.  Why are we even digging this thing?
Q::You know, you're not just workers -- you can be whatever you want to be! Look at Z!  He started as a worker -- then he became a soldier!
A::That's right!  He slaughtered hundreds of termites single-handedly!
Q::He's...he's dead.  You don't have to look for him anymore.  He was eaten by a praying mantis.
A::It's a shame he died prematurely...I was hoping to kill him myself.
Q::Look.  How many other Princesses are there?
A::Five thousand three hundred and ninety -- no.  About five thousand four hundred by now.
Q::Don't be scared, kid.  Barbatus's got yer back.
A::Maybe they went out for the evening. Let's leave them a message and head home.
Q::What's this?  A <u>worker</u> has been masquerading as a war hero?!
A::Well it wasn't a masquerade, really, it was more what I'd call a clever ruse --
Q::Ma'am?
A::From me the doctor has no secrets. Poor girl -- how could you do a thing like that?
Q::I didn't really do anything -- honest -- I mean, you take a girl out a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're serious -- marriage-wise.
A::Big shot! For you, I wouldn't lift a finger -- but for her, I'll fix a little something to eat.
Q::Oh -- Miss Kubelik.  I've been waiting for you. FRAN You have?
A::I almost didn't recognize you -- this is the first time I've ever seen you in civilian clothes.
Q::Sure.
A::I thought maybe we could have a bite to eat first -- and then --
Q::Well, in that case, couldn't you -- ?
A::I'm afraid not. I promised to have a drink with him -- he's been calling me all week --
Q::I thought maybe I could put in a word for you with Mr. Sheldrake -- get you a little promotion -- how would you like to be an elevator starter?
A::I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.
Q::Here.
A::After all, this is a conservative firm -- I don't want people to think I'm an entertainer --
Q::I'm so ashamed. Why didn't you just let me die?
A::What kind of talk is that?  So you got a little over- emotional -- but you're fine now.
Q::Oh, you're wrong. He told me --
A::He's a liar. But that's not the worst part of it -- the worst part is -- I still love him.
Q::You are?
A::As one woman to another -- I'm sure she'll understand --
Q::Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I was cooking myself an Italian dinner.  I used it to strain the spaghetti. FRAN  Why not?
A::As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.
Q::Yes, you are,  When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.
A::It's just that I'm the kind of guy who can't say no -- I don't mean to girls -- I mean --
Q::Say, you're pretty good with that racquet.
A::You ought to see my backhand.  And wait till I serve the meatballs. 
Q::Yes.  You walking to the subway?
A::No, thank you.  I -- well, to tell you the truth --  -- I have this heavy date for tonight --
Q::Where are you going, Baxter?
A::Well, I don't want to intrude -- and I thought -- since it's all straightened out anyway --
Q::How would you like to go tonight?
A::You mean -- you and me? I thought you were taking the branch manager from Kansas City --
Q::Now hold on, Baxter --
A::Save it. The old payola won't work any more. Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.
Q::Well, lay in some vodka and some vermouth -- and put my name on it.
A::Yes, Mr. Kirkeby.  You still owe me for the last two bottles --
Q::Hello? Yeah, Baxter. What's up?
A::Instead of Friday -- could you possibly switch to Thursday? You'd be doing me a great favor --
Q::I did, didn't I? I distinctly remember bending over and putting it there --
A::Oh, I found a key there, all right -- only it's the wrong key.
Q::We went to bat for you -- and now you won't play ball with us.
A::Well, after all, it's my apartment -- it's private property -- it's not a public playground.
Q::A night like this, it sort of spooks you to walk into an empty apartment.
A::I said I had no family -- I didn't say I had an empty apartment.
Q::Where do we go -- my place or yours?
A::Might as well go to mine -- everybody else does.
Q::Here -- find yourself a phone booth and call your husband in Havana.
A::You bet I will. And when I tell him how you treated me, he'll push your face in.  You fink!
Q::Fran -- remember that last weekend we had?
A::Do I. That leaky little boat you rented -- and me in a black negligee and a life preserver --
Q::What do you think?
A::Let's get something straight, Jeff -- I never asked you to leave your wife.
Q::Me? SHELDRAKE Thank you for giving that little pep talk to Miss Kubelik at the office party.
A::I'm sorry, Jeff. You know I could never hold my liquor --
Q::We need all our fuel anyway.
A::Wait -- wait -- don't get up tight -- what I meant was we'd need a whole drum for that --
Q::What !
A::That's what there is to talk about -- my man -- I take a good care of my men --
Q::Arch light.
A::I hate that -- Every time I hear that noise something terrible happens.
Q::Can I go get those mangos now?
A::I'll go with you in a while -- judt hold tight awhile --
Q::Can't be any worse than this. What do you think?
A::I think this river wants to take us home fast. I'm practically goin' in reverse.
Q::No, sir.
A::I believe on your last job you executed a tax collector in Kontum, is that right ?
Q::Yeah.
A::He's commanding the detachment at Nu Mung Ba.
Q::We don't want to bother you any, we --
A::A man of war is never bothered to aid an ally -- you will follow me, Captain.
Q::It is very good -- there is no current -- It is very good. I have never seen one like it in all Indochina. I was in Paris when it arrived -- do you know what might have caused --
A::Looks like a two thousand pound to me. Yeah, a two thousand pound bomb.
Q::You think that section on the point is ridable, Lance?
A::I think we ought to wait for the tide to come in.
Q::What do you mean?
A::It's really long left slide, breaks on the short side of the point -- catches a south swell.
Q::My orders are from Com-Sec Intel -- B.L. Willard, 4th Recon --
A::Just hold up a second, Captain -- I'll get to you soon enough -- We've got things to do here.
Q::I mean it's hairy -- they got some pretty heavy ordnance, boy -- I've lost a few recon ships in there now and again.
A::So? I heard you had a good bunch of killers here.
Q::Sonuvabitch -- anybody hurt?
A::Automatic weapons flashes along those trees -- probably eleven millimeter guns and AK-47's.
Q::Why did you come to ... my province.
A::We were attacked -- down river. We need supplies and medical help.
Q::I said get the fuck out !  I'm going to kill the little weirdo myself tomorrow.  He's only stayed alive this long because he's a good orderly and medic. He knows how to use a hypodermic.
A::You're gonna get hit tonight, bad -- a whole regiment of NVA regulars.
Q::Now I can get out a here -- if I can find a way out.
A::We'll be needing some supplies and fuel -- do you know anybody who can give me a hand?
Q::I don't know anything about these papers, sir.
A::They're in order -- it's perfectly clean -- just check with ComSec- Intel like I said.
Q::What show ?
A::Big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff --
Q::Soldier -- where''s your C.O.?
A::Stepped on a booby trap, sir -- got blown all to hell --
Q::What?
A::Straight up the road -- a concrete bunker -- Beverly Hills -- where else you think he'd be?
Q::117  CONTINUED:  
A::Inside of three hours you'd be dragging my dead carcass.
Q::26   CONTINUED:
A::I was making my rounds, saw your hangar wide open, plane getting rained on, so I closed it up.
Q::27   CONTINUED:
A::Question is why they sat here when the storm moved in.  Check their stuff while I sniff around.
Q::He's coming around fine.
A::Be right back.  I left my camcorder in the car.
Q::What are you doing?
A::He still might be around.  I saw fresh tire tracks coming in.
Q::Been driving long?
A::I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks.
Q::Next time you want to kill yourself, don't include me.
A::I took the odds on getting down in one piece, and I made it.  Now we're in my territory.
Q::Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things.
A::You got a knack for seeing things the way you want to see them.
Q::Don't push me..!
A::Cowardly bastard.  I'm in handcuffs and I still scare the piss out of you.
Q::Snow's to their advantage, kid. You can't see them, but soon as that plane comes, they'll sure as hell know where we're going. Wise up.  Take me to the Yukon. I'll give you that money and guarantee you'll walk away.
A::Why offer a buyoff with your gunmen waiting outside?
Q::This miserable wilderness is a state of the union.  Policy's made here the same way as in the civilized world: at the ballot box.  That's the beauty of it -- these icebox cowboys are living a century too late.  Get them on your side, it's like buying Manhattan for beads.  With a handful of votes you control the greatest frontier since white men stumbled onto the New World.
A::Some day these people'll wake up, and you'll be the first one they'll run out of here.
Q::C-o-n-s-c-i-e-n-c-e. I got Sean from the bakery to baby-sit so let's go out.
A::I still don't feel safe leaving Spencer with someone. How do you spell it again?
Q::No. Actually, I think that's their technical name.
A::Once the tests come back, is there someone I can reach in your office for the results?
Q::Getting loud, getting loud.
A::He wants me to take his car and his client to Baltimore.
Q::That's maybe the best compliment of my life.
A::Then I've really overshot here 'cause I was aiming at just enough to keep you from walking out.
Q::Grouchy?
A::... 'Cause of being woken up, and it would make my job impossible. So then I wouldn't even try.
Q::No!!!
A::I'm going to take a big bath and order a big meal.
Q::You said you could help me -- what was that -- a tease?
A::I can help you if you take the responsibility to keep regular app --
Q::Rot in hell, Melvin.
A::No need to stop being a lady... quit worrying -- you'll be back on your knees in no time.
Q::I told you to go on in.
A::Look, I've got to get a hold of Frank and see where I'm hanging my hat 'cause...
Q::You know who you want. I'll take your seat any day. So do something... don't sleep on it... go over there. I don't think anybody should ever sleep on anything -- it's not always good to let things calm down.
A::Hey... I'm charged here. But she might kill me for showing up this late.
Q::How do you write women so well?
A::I think of a man and take away reason and accountability.
Q::How'd you know?  Just tell me that. How'd you fucking know?
A::I knew the same way in ten years you're going to know.
Q::Yeah you are and you hate it.  You hate the fact that your hand is shaking and mine isn't.  That you're sweating your balls off and I'm not. You've got fear and hate in your belly like battery acid, all because of me.
A::If you think you can take me, quit fucking bullshitting and try it.
Q::What does that mean?
A::If I still was what I used to be, you would not be pointing that at me.
Q::So this is something between you and him?
A::He stole the contract knowing that I would come after him.
Q::What will you do if this works, if we get the money?
A::I don't know... maybe I'll live on a boat, sail to all the places I've never been.
Q::I paid a lot for these.
A::They saw you coming a mile away.  If I had known we'd be using --
Q::Was that it?
A::Then he offered me one million dollars to walk away, to quit the business.
Q::No?
A::It's always been that way.  The world has always functioned on two levels.
Q::Uh-huh.
A::When I gave you my gun and you almost shot me.
Q::Don't know.  That's how it works.
A::That's what our General Contractor told us but how can you trust someone like that?
Q::What we need is a space for real performance art. A cultural exchange for radical expressionism.
A::You've got to stop using that word "we" it's getting kind of scary. Right Katka?
Q::I'll rig up something don't worry - Do you think I could bash through with that little hammer?
A::I don't know Doug, we haven't even got the place together and already you want to extend it.
Q::Moved on to plumbing huh?
A::We got a party tomorrow night. Can't have the place smelling like shit.
Q::Close!
A::Just aiding and abetting if it makes you feel better.
Q::It was all in Czech wasn't it.
A::What happened to those disks I gave you, have you still got them?
Q::Yeah, somewhere?
A::Suppose those contained all the file info too? You could have a third or so of it there.
Q::I can't go with him.
A::Look, I don't care whether you go with Doug or not, but you_ve got to see him before he leaves.
Q::She's tired.
A::It's bad news when you can't even bribe kids.
Q::I could have my choice of many boyfriends and go to movies and discos but I waste my time waiting for you and then going to stupid pubs.
A::I'm not a bloody teenager okay, I told you I can't do that shit.
Q::But we could go to London and live in England.
A::No Kat, I lied to you, I hate England and I don't ever want to live there again.
Q::Yeah, for sure.
A::And, since it's only two streets away, I suggest we go take a look. Now!
Q::How do I know what's being said?
A::I will tell you - within a week I will have the transcript and we can go through it.
Q::You are playing a very dangerous game, I suggest you make it easy on yourself and tell me where they are.
A::I didn't get to see what's on the disks but I can guess. Do you want to hear my terms or not.
Q::How do I know this isn't a trap?
A::You have the letter and my word, if you wish you may wait upstairs....Now, where are the disks?
Q::You are quite sure it's secure?
A::The files are in a sealed room and the University are under strict orders to stay away.
Q::But if it doesn't happen, grab for something within reach. Life's tough enough without causing yourself disappointment --
A::Whatever my life is, I'm going to be friggin' sure I'm never disappointed --
Q::I'm thinking.
A::No thinking. The doctor only gives you three seconds to decide --
Q::You're acting like a crazy person.
A::You're straddling the state line. You're in two places at once.
Q::I made you do too many things, kept you up all night --
A::No. The drugs just stopped working. If anything, doing things I love kept me healthy longer.
Q::When Mom died you told me God wanted her more, loved her more --
A::I was wrong. Nobody could have wanted or loved your mother more than we did. Not even God.
Q::Hi, Marty!
A::Listen,  Professor Brown told me you called last night and gave me your message...
Q::Well, Eileen...jeez, that's hard for me to say. Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way, but when you get there, you don't know if you can go through with it?
A::You mean like how you're supposed to act with someone on a first date?
Q::Pardon me?
A::Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... I can get behind -- I agree with you.
Q::Well, Professor, are you sure you want me to tell you? You know, changing the course of history and all....
A::Blast it -- no, I suppose you're right.... You do know the proper chemical formula?
Q::How did you know?
A::Just a guess. I figured kids would still be drinking Coke in 1982.
Q::I am serious. If we could get you, the time machine, and the power converter in the vicinity of an atomic blast, we could send you back to the future.
A::You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and the time machine in a matter of seconds!
Q::Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother, he admitted to the Professor. I mean, I don't know if I can do it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty heavy.
A::Nobody said anything about hitting her! You're just going to take a few liberties with her.
Q::Yeah. I'd invite you inside, except it's contagious. Don't want to start an epidemic.
A::No, of course not. It's only that he called last night and asked if I could come by.
Q::See 'em?  They about had me and the whole damn car for breakfast. Broke my windshield...
A::The creatures?  They attacked you?  They tried to possess you?
Q::Rawhide tells me Dr. Lizardo escaped...
A::I'm assigning a couple Blue Shields to protect you around the clock, just in case.
Q::We at the Banzai Institute have at last found that way: an alternating gradient synchronizer that softens solid matter by attenuating its electroweak forces!
A::Which we all know are the forces that tend to pull objects part, right, professor?
Q::All accounted for?  Where's Penny?
A::New Jersey brought her back to the bus through heavy fire.  Quite a guy if you want my opinion.
Q::Go away.  Let me rot?
A::Who were you really trying to kill last night?
Q::Don't worry about it. It's just a B picture. I bring it in on budget, they'll book it without even screening it. Life is too short.
A::But Lipnik said he wanted to look at the script, see something by the end of the week.
Q::Jesus, I hope I'm not interrupting you again. I heard you walking around in here.  Figured I'd drop by.
A::Yeah, come in Charlie. Hadn't really gotten started yet  what happened to your ear?
Q::So they say.
A::Don't pick up and leave without saying goodbye.
Q::Get a grip on yourself, brother. Whatever the problem is, we'll sort it out.
A::Charlie, I'm in trouble  something horrible's happened  I've gotta call the police...
Q::...Jesus, Barton, what the hell is this?  What're we gonna do?
A::I've gotta call the police  or you could call for me 
Q::Jesus, Charlie, I...
A::Everything's okay, believe me. I know it's rough mentally, but everything's taken care of.
Q::Yeah, but Charlie 
A::Dammit, don't argue with me. You asked me to believe you  well I do. Now don't argue with me.
Q::What did... What did he 
A::Funny. As in, he likes to ventilate people with a shotgun and then cut their heads off.
Q::Yeah, and he's Buck Rogers.
A::No reputable company would hire a guy like that.
Q::Okay.  I went after him.  I lost my temper.
A::Do you have any evidence that he showed your psychiatric file to anyone?
Q::But you said you liked men to use their hands.
A::No.  I said I liked Johnny to use his hands.  I don't give any rules, Nick.  I go with the flow.
Q::Even though you were fucking him.
A::You still get the pleasure.  Didn't you ever fuck anybody else while you were married, Nick?
Q::You're not going to tell me what she's doing.  I thought we weren't playing games anymore.
A::I did, too.  She told me it was backwards -- she said you even styled your hair the way she did.
Q::How did they die?  Was there an investigation?
A::How you're saying she killed her parents?  Did she kill Bobby Vasquez, too?
Q::She's got enough money to burn this whole department down.
A::She was the last person seen with the guy -- I'll take the responsibility.
Q::You're asking me this because of the 'lapdog' remark. I read that. The person that wrote that has the compassion of a housefly. That's your enemy, not your audience. Your audience hasn't even been born yet. It's a lie that art is popular. The only thing popular about it is that it's written about in newspapers. I'm surprised when anybody comes to my openings. There're about ten people on the planet who know anything about painting, and Andy's one of them.
A::I haven't felt like talking to him since that thing came out.
Q::A primate?
A::Well, you said that.  You've got a lot of references from Leonardo da Vinci, don't you?
Q::Get up. She won't buy anything if she sees me working on it!
A::Wanna bet? If you show too much respect for people with money, they don't have respect for you.
Q::Don't you think he's using you?
A::Why does everybody say that? He's the only person I know who doesn't need to use me.
Q::I'll take three big Macs, two chocolate shakes, two orders of fries, and an apple pie.
A::You want three Big Macs, two chocolate shakes, two orders of fries, and an apple pie.
Q::First you're gonna shut up.  Then you're gonna turn yourself in.
A::Don't be naive.  The law doesn't apply to people like him!  Or us --
Q::Admiring your handiwork?
A::Touring the riot scene.  Gravely assessing the devastation. Upstanding mayor stuff.
Q::You don't seem like the type who does business with Mr. Shreck.
A::No.  And you don't seem like the type who takes orders from him.
Q::Ingenious costume.  Let me guess ... Trust-fund goody-goody?
A::Course you're feeling fine ... You almost made a monster the Mayor of Gotham City.
Q::He napalmed my arm.  He knocked me off a building just when I was starting to feel good about myself. I want to play an integral part in his degradation.
A::Well, a plan <u>is</u> forming ... A vicious one, involving the loss of innocent life ...
Q::You're coming with me, you Great White Dope!  To die, way down in the sewer!
A::Not Chip!  Please!  Penguin ... If you have one iota of human feeling, you'll take me instead.
Q::I guess they don't have fax machines on elephants.
A::I have been trying to reach Wilfred with no success.  As one grows older, one yearns for family.
Q::I must have dozed off.  My sincerest apologies, sir.
A::No apology necessary.  That's the first time in thirty years.
Q::Street racing isn't exactly an acceptable major at Oxbridge.  They kicked me out.  it doesn't matter. I've won enough money to do what I've always dreamed.
A::Just don't tell me you're hoping to run away and join the circus.
Q::This is easy.
A::Crimefighter's rule number one: never say that.
Q::What can I do for you, Doctor?  A research grant?  A hospital wing?
A::Actually, I already work for you. Or did.  Your arboreal preservation project in South America.
Q::I got the diamond.  Quell problemo, Bruce?
A::You left your back wide open.  Freeze could have killed you.
Q::Of course.  Alfred still keeps your mother's picture in his room.
A::Anybody want to tell us kids in the cheap seats who Joanna Clark is?
Q::May I help you, Master Grayson?
A::How come this is the only locked door around this museum? What's back there?
Q::Why's that?
A::Let's just say I could write a hell of a paper on a grown man who dresses like a flying rodent.
Q::I'm not the kind of guy who blends in at a family picnic.
A::We could give it a try. I'll bring the wine, you bring the scarred psyche.
Q::It's a stretch but I'll manage.
A::The letter writer is obsessed with you. His only escape may be...
Q::Fast work. You just moved here.
A::You could say he kind of dropped out of the sky and bang-. I think he felt it too.
Q::Come on, Bruce. This is what I do for a living.
A::I'd say this goes a little beyond taking your work home.
Q::How about Richard Grayson, college student?
A::...I missed Two-Face by a heartbeat. When we catch him, you gotta let me kill him!
Q::Chase?
A::Of course you are. And what a grand pursuit you must be.  What do you think of my new invention?
Q::Excuse me, sir.  Commissioner Gordon was compelled to leave - -very unexpectedly.  He asked me to convey his regrets.
A::Thank you, Alfred.  I hope you'll excuse me.  It was a great pleasure meeting you.  And you.
Q::I'll have to ask you for that film.
A::I just wanted to distract them. I wasn't trying to get a picture of you.
Q::Vicki?... This is Batman. I thought I'd call and see how you're doing.
A::... I know it's you, Bruce. I'm not going to talk to you unless we can discuss it...
Q::How can you do that if she's already off the line?
A::I've had an automatic tracer on this number ever since he tracked you to the museum.
Q::Okay, a break-in.  Trash the office, make off with the books ... "Industrial espionage."
A::Very good idea, Jack.  In fact --  -- I'd like you to handle this operation personally.
Q::God, Vick, a girl could get hurt doing this.
A::A girl could get killed - - so they tell me.  What's new and hot in Gotham City?
Q::Small so far.  I think he's leaving the big fish for Harvey Dent.
A::Our next D.A. -- I hear Bruce Wayne is throwing a fundraiser.  Did you get your invitation yet?
Q::I bet they like him for his big charity balls.
A::That, and the sweet smell of two hundred million bucks.
Q::Yum, yum.
A::Well, he must like the way he looks.  He's got a mirror in every room.
Q::It's the last thing we need.
A::That's exactly what I said ... before I said - Great, it's a sensational idea."
Q::Yes.  And	I have a wine for dinner that will kill you.
A::Great.  You said you'd ask Grierson about putting our guest somewhere else.  Did you?
Q::Thank you David.  However, flattery will get you nowhere.  Truth is, I have a rather different plan for Whistler's dear Mama.  Bernie and I have been inspecting our books - and the long and short of it is, we cannot survive with our current losses, so ...
A::... you have to sack me.  I understand, sir.  I'll go quietly.  In fact I'll go right now.
Q::David, David, David ...
A::I'm fired?  Because I let a... copy of a painting the get stolen?
Q::He was incredible.  This guy is fearless.  He has no fear.
A::That's one - way of looking at it.  You might also say this guy is brainless he has no brain'.
Q::That's not that much.
A::Yeah really. Let's get outta here Beavis. Huh huh huh. This sucks.
Q::Hey Butt-Head, are we gonna die?
A::Uh, probably, huh huh...Whoa, I think my life is like, flashing in front of my eyes!
Q::Whoa, my life is cool!
A::Uh... I think I'm seeing something too. It's like a really long time ago...
Q::Yeah, heh heh. Umm, isn't Seattle in Washington? Heh heh... 'cuz I was thinking maybe we could go see Hole.
A::Yeah. We can go see Hole and then we can get some hole. Huh huh huh huh.
Q::I hope to score big there myself. I'm mostly going to be doing the slots.
A::Yeah, I'm hoping to do some sluts too. Heh heh. Do they have lots of sluts in Las Vegas?
Q::Why does everyone wanna see my schlong?  I am the one-and-only-almighty-bungholiooo!
A::OK boys. Get ready to fire on the count of three.  I'm gonna give you three seconds...
Q::Do her? Huh huh.
A::That's right. I'm offering you ten grand plus expenses to do my wife. We gotta deal?
Q::Ah'm gonna blow you both to hell!
A::Cool, huh huh.  Hey Beavis that's that dude that's paying us to do his wife.
Q::This is Travis and Bob... What's your last name, dear?
A::Uh... Head? huh huh. My first name's Butt. Huh huh huh.
Q::Shut up, dumb-ass! You didn't score. I scored with both of them...
A::Uh, do you think these two sluts still live in Highland? That would be cool.
Q::Who sent ya?
A::Uh, huh huh, this fat dude. He said we could do you. And he was gonna pay us.
Q::We'd like some help in getting rid of the people who moved in here.  Barbara and I worked very hard on this house.
A::We probably wouldn't mind sharing the house with people who were --
Q::Honey, I think that was a mistake.
A::I am not going to expose that little girl to that... pervert down there.
Q::Did you get the paint?
A::I got it.  And I took pictures of the new church for you, too.
Q::This is <u>my</u> town.
A::You wish!  I nearly scored with that little blonde.  I need me a short little queen.
Q::I don't wear that stuff to <u>bed</u>. Besides, there's <u>nothing</u> wrong with it.  I'm getting out of here.
A::Wait... I don't think it would be a very good idea if you told your parents that we're up here.
Q::Look at me, think of me as cash! This offer is really real!  From a rich man in New York City who only saw a photograph!
A::Jane, don't send photographs of our house around the country! We're not interested in selling.
Q::They're... not here anymore.
A::Nonsense, everytime she says that, the paint peels, and some wild creature tries to kill us.
Q::That was the single most unattractive window treatment I have ever seen in the entire of my existence.
A::I'm <u>so</u> glad you could leave the city to consult me, Otho.
Q::Well there's a Little Deetz at least.  Boy, when you city people do something, you do it right, don't you?
A::What happened to the people who used to live here?
Q::He does...?
A::Yes. Are you going to leave and close the house when he dies?
Q::No, thank you. My house has been closed.
A::Oh. When you say 'Your house has been closed', you mean to say that your business was shut down?
Q::Yes. I would like to escort Eve.
A::Good. Together, the two of you should create quite a stir - I can already hear the gossip.
Q::Does it have a television?
A::No - but Mr. Rand does have one with an electric motor, that way he can get around by himself.
Q::Mr. Chance, that was twenty-seven years ago.
A::Yes and the Old Man used to come to my garden. He would read and rest there.
Q::You heard?
A::I may be a shut-in, but I do not lack for news. I'm sorry you had to go through all that.
Q::That is correct, Comrade Skrapinov. We have ascertained that Gardiner heads a big-business power group that will soon be taking over the American government.
A::Big business. I could work with that faction quite nicely, Colonel Novogrod.
Q::When you say, I can be somebody else, what do you mean exactly?
A::Exactly that. We can put you inside someone else's body for fifteen minutes.
Q::We've been over this. Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate.
A::Well, you know, maybe something else until this whole puppet thing turns around.
Q::Don't be ridiculous. There is no such thing as a portal into someone else's brain.
A::Brain. soul, I'm telling you, Lotte. I was right inside him looking out. We're going to be rich.
Q::So how was it? What was he doing?
A::Oh, you know, not a lot. Just hanging around his apartment. I think he must be a lonely man.
Q::Really? For most people it's a rather pleasant experience. What exactly did you...
A::This portal is mine and must be sealed up forever. For the love of God.
Q::Imagine a room full of women. Nubile, blonde, wet with desire, Schwartz. A harem, if you will. Me in leather. A harness, if you like. I am the object of this desire, and all eyes are on me as I speak. Ladies, I begin. I am the love god, Eros. I intoxicate you. My spunk is to you manna from heaven...
A::Dr. Lester, it's been really fascinating, but I'm afraid I have to get home to my wife now.
Q::What?
A::I just wanted to say hi.  Did you know I still don't know your name or where you work?
Q::No, no, it's your energy or your attitude or the way you carry yourself or...
A::Christ, you're not a fag are you? Because I don't want to be wasting my time.
Q::It's just, and I've never done this before, Maxine, but it's just that I feel something for you. I've never felt this before for anyone, not even my wife. My future is with you, Maxine.
A::You might want to check those tarot cards one more time.
Q::I've fallen in love.
A::I don't think so. I've fallen in love. This is what people who've fallen in love look like.
Q::I'm done with her now. Tonight really creeped me out.
A::You're crazy to let go of a chick who calls you Lotte. I tell you that as a friend.
Q::Why you never go back to Lady Jone's and learn your letters? You liked going there I remember. Seeing the other children. Then all a sudden, you stop.
A::There was a boy there...said mama was a jailbird...said he could prove it..
Q::This Saturday - you coming to Call or what?
A::If I call them, and they come what on earth am I going to say to them.
Q::It's cold as charity in there! What he do that for? Any number'll take him in.
A::Can't nobody read minds long distance. All he have to do is ask somebody.
Q::You pick any house, any house where colored live. Pick any one and you welcome to stay there. I'm apologizing 'cause they didn't offer to tell you. But you welcome anywhere you want to be. My house. John and Ella. Miss Lady Jones..anybody. You choose. You ain't got to sleep in no cellar and I apologize for each and every night.
A::Well I...I did get offered one place but I just wanted to be off by myself a spell.
Q::A dick, man!  And let me tell you something: I dig your work. Playing one side against the other--in bed with everybody--fabulous stuff, man.
A::I'm not a--ah, fuck it, just stay away from my fucking lady friend, man.
Q::Burkhalter.
A::I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
Q::One--oh!  Heh-heh.  You never went to college?
A::Well, yeah I did, but I spent most of my time occupying various, um, administration buildings--
Q::A hundred.
A::Thousand, yes, bones or clams or whatever you call them.
Q::Yes you're wrong.  This isn't a fucking game, Walter--
A::It is a fucking game.  You said so yourself, Dude--she kidnapped herself--
Q::Walter, what'm I gonna tell Lebowski?
A::I told that fuck down at the league office-- who's in charge of scheduling?
Q::Walter--
A::Who's got a fucking million fucking dollars parked in the trunk of our car out here?
Q::I'll  get  you  a  toe by  this afternoon--with nail  polish. These fucking amateurs.   They send us a toe, we're  supposed to  shit our- selves with fear.  Jesus Christ. My point is--
A::They're gonna kill her, Walter, and then they're gonna kill me--
Q::Who the fuck is Arthur Digby Sellers?
A::Who the f--have you ever heard of a little show called Branded, Dude?
Q::Is this your homework, Larry?
A::We know it's his fucking homework, Walter!  Where's the fucking money, you little brat?
Q::Well they were looking for you, these two guys, they were trying to--
A::I'll say it again, all right?  You told Brandt.  He told me.  I know what happened. Yes?  Yes?
Q::Employed?
A::You don't go out and make a living dressed like that in the middle of a weekday.
Q::Fuckin' A.
A::Strong men also cry. . . Strong men also cry.
Q::We know the briefcase was empty, man.  We know you kept the million bucks yourself.
A::Well, you have your story, I have mine.  I say I entrusted the money to you, and you stole it.
Q::Shit, sorry man.
A::Stay away from me!  You bullies! You and these women!  You won't leave a man his fucking balls!
Q::Recognize him?
A::From the surveillance footage in the bloodbank.  He was one of the guard's Nomak attacked.
Q::Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst for good.  I'll be watching you close. You start to back-slide --
A::You put a bullet in my brain.  Wouldn't expect anything else.
Q::I am worrying.  Seems to me, you're starting to get confused as to which side of the line you're standing on.
A::Pretty hollow words coming from a man who spent the last year running with the enemy.
Q::And why is that?
A::Revenge.  That's what Nomak wanted all along.  To pay back the people who created him.
Q::You got something in mind, Blade?
A::Ultra-rapid detox.  They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night.
Q::Nomak?
A::He wants us to know he's hunting us now.
Q::You worry too much, Stevens.  I have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted.
A::As scripted?  You've already lost two of your own.  How many more are you willing to sacrifice?
Q::Why?
A::Because you're tainted. The venom's still inside you. You could still turn on us.
Q::How did you know?
A::Figured they'd send someone after you. Thought I'd wait around and see who showed up.
Q::That's a glyph, kind of like a vampire cattle brand. That means Officer Friendly here is someone's property. Any of the other vampire's try to bleed him, they'll have to answer to Friendly's owner --  This glyph belongs to Deacon Frost. We've been tracking him for a while now --
A::Why in God's name would anyone want to work for them?
Q::How do you like that? Right on time.
A::The other elders will never let you get away with this!
Q::How did you escape?
A::I didn't. He was cruel enough to let me live.  Even gave me a souvenir to remember him by.
Q::Your parents didn't have a <u>bigger</u> one?
A::It was <u>free</u>--I recall that was the chief selling point for you.
Q::So lemme see it.
A::Just let me get my coat off--I had eight cups of coffee, I'm wired for sound here.
Q::Me, too.
A::Hey, I got a whole editing suite in my loft--more the fucking merrier.
Q::The good old days: toasting marsh- mallows over a burning witch.
A::They never burned witches in this country, they hanged them.
Q::Why in the world would <u>she</u>--
A::--why in the world would she just fly the coop in the first place?
Q::...What're you gonna do in Houston?
A::I'll figure something out... How come you offered to drive me in this mess?
Q::I don't want to talk about it. Everything's okay now. I don't want to talk about it.
A::Sometimes it helps to talk things over. for instance, many marriages are saved by.
Q::Why do you do it?
A::I won't let the bastards get me up against the wall. It's an act of defiance.
Q::Well now Jeffrey, how did you come to get so involved?
A::I can't tell you the whole story. I. I took it upon myself. I can't say more.
Q::An experiment? Hey, I've seen you before.
A::I sprayed your apartment. I took your key. I really didn't mean to do anything but see you.
Q::Oh God. Don!!! Why can't I just die.
A::There you go again. stop saying that. You can make it.
Q::Brilliant.
A::Then we'll drive back to her apartment and I will plant myself there.
Q::Hey, you ivy league shit. COME HERE!
A::Later Mike. I gotta take care of someone who's hurt here, in case you haven't noticed.
Q::What, and miss all the fun?  C'mon, not a chance.  So, what's the verdict?
A::Lawyer says he can plead it down to five years.  I'll serve two.
Q::Not so fast.  I would like to go over the details.
A::What details?  I put the coke in the false bottoms and take it through customs.
Q::I demand to know everything.  I do not trust six-hundred thousand dollars of coca to someone I don't know.
A::It's a lousy fifteen kilos.  I piss fifteen kilos.
Q::What's the matter, George?
A::What's the matter?  We're moving three hundred fucking kilos and we're making dogshit.
Q::This is only part of the business, George.  A very small part.  Don't worry, there is so much more to do. Which reminds me, I need a favor from you.  I must go to Colombia.
A::What is it, George?  Because I have to get home.  I've got a parole officer waiting for me.
Q::Well, you know.  It's um...
A::Oh, shut up, Fred.  Shut your big fat mouth.  You don't buy it all at once. It's called layaway.
Q::Mexico.
A::Yeah.  We heard all about it.  I want you to know I'm deeply sorry about your girlfriend.
Q::I meant every word of it.
A::Did you know I died two weeks after you sent me that tape?
Q::Good to see you, Jorge.  You are a man of your word.
A::Actually, I've got some news.  That fifty thousand I promised you, I couldn't get it.
Q::Yeah?
A::Shit, yeah.  Do you know how much money I could make if I had this stuff back east?
Q::Nice weed, huh?
A::Fuck yeah.  I never seen nothing like it.  I'm fucking wasted.
Q::This is bullshit, George.  We're never going to find anything down there.
A::You know, he's got a point.  We're fucking Americans.  We stick out like sore thumbs.
Q::Go away!
A::Men have two faces: one that laughs and one that cries ...
Q::Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing.  Since Rebecca Lawson is the sole beneficiary of the new will, if she is found guilty the will is void and Joanne Braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstated.
A::She kills the old man and makes it look like Miss Lawson did it.  Pretty slick.
Q::An inquiry into what?
A::For starters I'd like to know why she left the house and didn't report the death?
Q::What was Mr. Marsh's physical condition prior to his death?
A::Very poor.  He was suffering from severe arterial disease.
Q::So, Mr. Marsh used cocaine?
A::I don't think so.  The membrane in his nasal passage didn't show any sign of long time usage.
Q::What would be the effect if someone secretly administered cocaine to Mr. Marsh and then induced him to make love?
A::It would be the same as shooting a gun at him.
Q::You've been following me?
A::Her.  It's an obvious move.  I'm building a case against her, remember?
Q::Your Honor, I don't see a Mr. Roston listed as a prosecution witness.
A::The State's investigation just uncovered Mr. Roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago.
Q::Objection!  May I remind Mr. Dulaney that the person on trial here is Miss Lawson -- not Dr. Paley.
A::Your Honor, I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women.
Q::Tell the court about that, please.
A::I opened the bathroom door one day and saw Miss Lawson pouring Cocaine out of a vial.
Q::Did Mr. Marsh change his lifestyle after that?
A::Yes -- he stopped smoking and drinking and exercised regularly.
Q::And how are you now?
A::Fine.  The doctors say if I keep taking care of myself I can live to be a very old man.
Q::When you say your sexual relations with Miss Lawson were intense what exactly do you mean?
A::It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could.  She called it opening new doors.
Q::Mr. Roston I know this is difficult for you, but it's important you tell the court what she did.
A::She said she was going to fuck me like I've never been fucked before.
Q::Well -- as I remember it, we had an argument.
A::And the argument was about the fact that you wanted to be romantically involved and she did not.
Q::How do you instruct your patients to take it?
A::I tell them to pour an amount the size of a quarter into the their hand and mix it with water.
Q::What did he say?
A::He laughed -- and basically said he would decide when it was over.
Q::Could you repeat the last part of what Mr. Marsh said to you the day before his death?
A::He said that if it kept up she was going to kill him.  That his heart couldn't take it.
Q::Yes.
A::And didn't Miss Lawson come home one day and find you in bed with your male lover?
Q::Hi, Frank.
A::I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow.
Q::Do it quickly, Mr. Dulaney.
A::"Discourteous insinuations about his sexual abilities."  Who told you to say that?
Q::If he files are you going to take the case?
A::I don't know yet.  I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow.
Q::Why don't you talk to him now?
A::Because I go to trial in seven weeks. I've got a lot of preparing to do.
Q::I didn't know that Andrew was dead until Mr. Sattler called me at home that night.
A::We have a witness who saw you go into the house at four thirty.
Q::My Jewish friend's grandmother did.
A::Well, no one in my family did! Dad bought cemetery plots at Oak Ridge. One for him, one for mom.
Q::Not yet. You want to go?
A::I think I better. Between the book and the coffee, I'm this close to raping the busboy.
Q::So, how long you've been living here?
A::Long.  You just got off the train and stayed without knowing anyone there?
Q::Where was she?
A::Across the street. She went into the park and got turned around and didn't know her way out.
Q::We can't go back there.  Are you crazy? You saw --
A::It's the only way.  It's possible your father may not be dead yet.
Q::Your father was his best friend.  He loved Jeremiah.  So he must hate him the most of all now.  He'll take his time. But even if it is too late.  If your father is dead.  It's not over.  The door has to be closed.
A::Well, close the fucking door by all means.  But don't expect me to go down there and do it.
Q::...Bones ol' Bones so mean and bad, whupped his mamma, shot his dad.
A::Saw Bones ol' Bones on top of the hill. Rolling fat jays outta hundred dollar bills.
Q::My mama's bag and my granma's bag, and a long line of mamas before her.
A::Sounds like mama needs a brand new bag.
Q::No baby.  I'm serious.  Cancel that meeting.  I got more fruit that needs checking.  Come home with me now.
A::Don't you worry about a thing.  This hand's gonna be stroking the back of your neck tonight.
Q::He probably thinks he's saving you from something.  I'm sure that's what my mother thinks.
A::I'm sure I can make your mother like me. But then do I gotta worry 'bout your father?
Q::Why couldn't you just tell him to let us in?
A::My old man calls the shots.  He built that gate and these damn walls.
Q::You could have had it done.  You didn't want us there.
A::I wouldn't have risked killing you to get you out.  I was trying to protect you.
Q::Look, even if anyone found anything there, it's twenty years ago.  They could never connect it to us.
A::You better hope not.  Cause it's like they say, four can keep a secret, if three are dead.
Q::We didn't do nothing, Eddie.
A::You gon tell me you didn't ginsu those punks and steal their ride?
Q::It's not safe down there.  The fire started down there.  The whole thing could collapse.
A::Then your father's a dead man and Jimmy Bones is gonna be around a long time.
Q::The money!
A::Caesar, I don't know what you're thinking here, but if you don't put down that gun --
Q::The next one blows off your dick.
A::You're a dead man!  A fucking dead man!
Q::Caesar!
A::Gino, your son stole this money to set me up and I can prove it.  Violet!
Q::Why?  Why would Johnnie do this?
A::Jesus Christ, Violet!  Open your fucking eyes!  Johnnie hates me like I hate him!
Q::Stupid cunt!
A::Caesar, stop acting like an asshole and think --
Q::I started thinking maybe it's about the money so I call you, but all I get is the busy signal.  I figure the phone is off the hook, that's why I come rushing over here.
A::Oh Christ, the phone ...  That was a fucking stupid thing to do, wasn't it?
Q::I wanted to apologize.
A::Don't apologize, please.  I can't stand women who apologize for wanting sex.
Q::Any bodyguards?
A::Gino travels with a big man named Roy.  Caesar calls him the driver.
Q::Look, go ahead...put the radio on...
A::Amnesia?  You're saying you don't remember anything that happened before two weeks ago?
Q::Well, this is great.  I'm sick of myself and you have no idea who you are.
A::I kept trying things, I thought if I could find all the things I could do, I could --
Q::Miss Kreutz, please... I'm gonna have to ask you to keep your voice down.
A::All the papers -- all the papers they asked for -- I brought all the papers --
Q::In fact, killing people -
A::- In fact, killing people - they'd get a lot more out of life.
Q::I know he would have wanted me to help you ... And I promised your mother I'd take you onto the team at information Retrieval. But I gather that ...
A::Mr Helpmann. I've changed my mind. I'd like to accept the transfer - am I too late?
Q::Please, I've got to find Jill.
A::Sam, I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
Q::So what are you going to do about her?
A::Get her out of circulation - I've put her on the detention list.
Q::They weren't at school with us.
A::But, I've already put her on the search and detain list.
Q::But you've stamped this form before! Why won't you stamp it now?
A::You've just said yourself, Miss, we've already stamped it. Why should we stamp it twice?
Q::He is dead.
A::Dead! Oh no! That's terrible! We'll never get rid of the damned thing! What are we going to do?
Q::How long will she he away?
A::There are some who go to Dr. Jaffe's clinic who never come back at all.
Q::Sorry. wouldn't it be easier just to work for Central Services?
A::Couldn't stand the pa - ah - we're getting warm -
Q::He wants to pull that tube out. It's pretty painful--that's why they keep him sedated--but it's a good sign.
A::You sure? I know my father would hate to be tied down. He wouldn't even go to the dentist.
Q::Like everybody else--except us. Always standing on the sidewalk waving goodbye to moving trucks. Your parents ... ?
A::They're fine. My old man was a bus driver, mom a nurse--I was sort of born to it, I guess.
Q::You learn to sort of block it out, you know, like cops fence off a crime scene. But then something good will happen and everything will just glow.
A::You must get a lot of overdoses. I bet you picked me up a couple of times.
Q::My Lord mother man, you look like hell. What were you drinking?
A::The captain almost fired me tonight. I'm on my way out. Anytime now.
Q::I ever tell you about the time years ago I was on this ledge uptown, trying to talk this psycho inside?
A::Where the guy jumped and you almost fell. No, you never told me that story.
Q::Rule number one: Don't get involved with patients. Rule number two: Don't get involved with patient's daughters. You understand?
A::What about rule number three: Don't get involved with dispatchers named Love.
Q::I'm sorry.
A::You have to keep the body going until the brain and heart recover enough to go on their own.
Q::C'mon, Tom, pick up a job.
A::You want some bum in the bus terminal? We'll wait for a real call.
Q::The Chinese close in five minutes. Beef lo mein. It's  been on my mind since I woke. Whatjathink?
A::I think the moment that food hits your mouth we'll get a job.
Q::You can't talk about feeling intimidated when you're on top of the world.  It's unseemly.
A::I'm not buying into any of that.  I have a load to learn.  I'm not going to act as if...
Q::Hold it down, okay?
A::Can I ask you something?  You only had one crew on the date rape piece, right?
Q::You worked at one time as Foreign Service Trainee in the State Department.
A::I was there two years and was promoted on merit nine times.
Q::Hi.  Turn on your TV... <u>Good Morning America</u>, the <u>Morning News</u> and <u>Today</u> are all about to talk to Arnold Schwarzenegger and I think he's live on at least two of them.
A::At six o'clock on the wake-up news they used the wrong missile graphic.
Q::I didn't sleep.  They're giving me less and less air time.  They don't think I'm at all anchor material.
A::If we don't get to their camp soon, we won't be able to tape the supplies coming in.
Q::Last time Paul was sick they gave Connie the weekend news instead of me.
A::You spend too much time -- much too much worrying about that crap...  Oh good.
Q::To the pan of the supplies boxes --
A::Can you believe it?  I just risked my life for a network that tests my face with focus groups.
Q::I'm no suggesting the worst will happen...but someone with your brilliance gets nibbles about other jobs and maybe, the next time that happens, down the road -- you should look into it.
A::Ah, damn -- the fucking jerks -- My, God.  They want to fire me.
Q::It's what he did.  I'm proud of him.
A::They told me they'd keep me because they could plug me into any story and my salary was in line.
Q::This is a brutal layoff...And all because they couldn't program Wednesdays.
A::You can make it a little less brutal by knocking a million dollars or so off your salary.
Q::How horrible.  We'll be fine.  You'll be fine.  Stay here with me -- we'll go for a drive, have some drinks, make happy plans.
A::No.  They're firing even more people than they said.  Some will want to talk.  It could help.
Q::Thank you.  They hated me.  I don't hate them.
A::Well, they say if you can reach even one person, it means something... And you did that.
Q::Come on...Even I'm not that hard on myself.
A::No, I really got this job on a fluke and wait till you hear where it ends up.
Q::I can't help you, sorry.  I'm not here to teach remedial reporting.
A::And it has nothing to do with the fact I left your room instead of staying there?
Q::I've got another story.
A::Some public official skipped a week on his Christmas Club?
Q::Yes.
A::I had to sleep fast so I took two allergy pills to help me...I'm sorry...Hey, you called me.
Q::That's not it.
A::Good...Another is you're trying to make it all about sex and heat and nothing else.
Q::I don't know if that's absolutely necessary.
A::I've got my father coming through tomorrow anyway.  I should get some sleep.
Q::I feel terrible about what happened. What did he say?
A::He -- uh -- said he liked you because you looked like you had -- fire and honesty.
Q::What?
A::That it would be a treat to make someone like you feel better... He gets like that sometimes.
Q::Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane...
A::It made me ill.  You could get fired for things like that.
Q::I got promoted for things like that.
A::Working up tears for a new piece cutaway...You totally crossed the line between...
Q::Well, we should talk.  You going to have time for  dinner?  I'd like you to meet Lila.
A::I'm sorry because I was looking forward to that, but I' m going back in a few hours.
Q::This is my first time at the White House. Is there any chance to look at where he works and the rest of it?
A::I didn't have the guts to ask when I first came up.  I'll get you a great tour.
Q::Well I'm done talking to you, what do I have to do, draw you a diagram!
A::I decided to make a female figure after all!  I want you to pose for it.
Q::What's up, Walter?
A::I came over to see you.  I brought something...I wanted to show you.
Q::Now what kind of statue was that?
A::I don't know it was made out of driftwood and dipped in sulfuric acid.  It was out there...
Q::Man if you want to be a legit artist you have to do nudes, nudes, nudes...
A::Right.  Ain't no body of work complete without some... nudes -
Q::Wait a minute - I told you I didn't do nothing wrong!
A::Don't give me a hard time Walter! You don't want to get me mad!  You're coming with me!
Q::Ah, my fool is dead.  He was careless, always.  Still, I'll pull out your tongue for that.  Don't you understand?  I've killed you a dozen times.  Your life is not a blink of my eye, not a single breath.  I have lived in the shadows, in the pulsing filth behind men's eyes.  A thousand years, and more. I have conversed with the worms that fed on my corpse and I have bathed in the blood of emperors.
A::Have you ever thrown up in the front row of a Richard Marx concert?
Q::It's not a mixer.  It's the senior dance.  And it's important.  You wouldn't understand.
A::You got that right.  I thought you wanted to kill vampires.
Q::It has to be, like a socially conscious theme.
A::'One that reflects the students' growing awareness of and involvement in the world around them.'
Q::I had a trust fund my great- grandfather, or maybe it was an inheritance, 'cause he's dead, and I spent it on shoes.
A::You must come with me.  It's much too late already.  You must come with me to the graveyard.
Q::Chosen to go to the graveyard?  Why don't you just take the first runner up, okay?
A::You must believe me.  You must come with me while there's still time.
Q::Great.  First I have a birthright, now I've got a fate.  Hey, do I have to take notes on this?
A::We're going to have the work hard. You'll need some excuse for staying out.  For your parents.
Q::But you threw a knife at my head!
A::And you caught it!  Only the chosen one could have done that.
Q::Put your head back.
A::Two days ago, would you have even hit me?  Let alone so powerfully?
Q::Oh, wonderful.  My secret weapon is - PMS.  That's just great.  Thanks for telling me.
A::You'll get used to it.  I'm more worried about your tactical mistakes.
Q::It's amazing what you can do with a parachute and some starch.
A::As long as there's room for three in it.  What, didn't you bring your new friends?
Q::You said "Crash".
A::Honey, don't ever listen to a woman when she's making love. They'll say the strangest things.
Q::God, I never thought of that.
A::There is a lot of things you never thought of, sweetie--now get some rest for tonight's game.
Q::You didn't get "lured".  Women never get lured.  They're too strong and powerful for that. Now say it--"I didn't get lured and I will take responsibility for my actions".
A::"I didn't get lured and I will take responsibility for my actions".
Q::Well let's get down to it, honey-- how was he?
A::Well, he fucks like he pitches. Sorta all over the place
Q::What's that?
A::Chicken bone cross take the curse off this bat and bring me hits.
Q::What do I got?
A::A gift.  When you were a baby the gods reached down and turned your left arm into a thunderbolt.
Q::What would you think of a pitcher who wore women's panties?
A::If he had a good breaking ball, I'd respect the shit outta him.
Q::Nuke's overthrowing tonight, he don't look loose.  Anything bothering him?
A::He said his chakras were jammed and he was breathing out of the wrong nostril.
Q::That's right.
A::I never comped you?! I don't comp you at least two or three times a month at the Tangiers?!
Q::Let's say... for instance... I want to go in the restaurant which happens to be in the casino... to get one of those sandwiches I like?
A::Forget it. You can't even set foot in the parking lot. That's how serious it is.
Q::You know, I don't feel like playin' tennis.
A::...as soon as Andy got back home, Nicky heard about our talk in the car.
Q::Hi. Nice to see you.
A::She could be the most charming woman you ever saw. People loved to be around her.
Q::Now you need approval from him to go home?
A::So what? So who fuckin' blew you in the parking lot before you came in... huh?
Q::Okay, I'll -
A::What about the progressives with the high jackpots? Where are they? These machines are hidden.
Q::I just wanna get out of here.
A::And don't forget to tell your friends what happens if they fuck around in here. You understand?
Q::Hey... you got a minute? Hey. He's got two million in the box, am I right?  Okay, you let him keep your jewels. We take the cash and the only other thing he cares about.  Huh?  Her majesty. We go to Europe. You dye your hair, get some pl-
A::I don't want to go to Europe. I want to go to see The Elephant Man.
Q::You gotta go back there and talk to that guy.
A::Come on, go back there? I never got paid my expenses for the last trip.
Q::Yeah, that works out.
A::But how much cash could I bury in my closet, right?
Q::Ace.
A::Keepin' Remo happy with money was the greatest insurance policy in the world.
Q::No. I - I'm just curious, you know. I was wonderin' how much he would put into a thing like that. That's all.
A::I'm told it's worth about a million dollars, maybe more. 
Q::I understand that. But, you know, I think you should try to make the best of it now. Go slow, you know. See what happens.
A::He could have killed him! Okay? He could have killed him.
Q::Hm.
A::He holds that key so tight, he's probably got it stuck up his ass.
Q::I just talked to him.
A::So, he knows where you are. That means he's sending some guys over here probably right now.
Q::He's sittin' by the phone -
A::What do you think we're gonna do? He's probably got guys outside the fuckin' house!
Q::Cactus, I can't believe you just said all that...
A::Oops--my face must match my cape. And to think we were going to let you go...
Q::You're right, I wasn't looking to fall in love with a casino worker. I'd given up trying to find anyone. But there was a fire in your eyes that cut right through the air conditioning and through the coldness of my heart.
A::Your uniform, that first time I saw you, was a ghastly cage I vowed to unlock in order to..
Q::I can. That's not an admission of guilt,  It's just..I knew you had it in you...
A::It may be time to get the police involved...
Q::Don't you feel so much better now that you know everything?  Blink once for yes, twice for..
A::Boss, we better roll if we're going to hit this place, blow it up, and make that flight..
Q::Say something ...
A::Me, he won't stay on the phone with for five fucking minutes without bitching.
Q::He's right, Theo.  She might not be around to back up your story. You could end up in the middle of this.
A::Look -- I've got the lives of maybe three innocent people hanging on the end of this line.
Q::It was the fugitive in the Chrysler that caused this.  We were trying to overtake him.
A::No reason to kill innocent bystanders.  Shit.  I can't hardly move my neck.
Q::Now that'd be a misdemeanor.
A::I got to get going.  An agent is showing me a house up on Broad Beach in ten minutes.
Q::He's seen both of us now.
A::Look, I've got a wife.  I don't care if either of you ever get caught.
Q::They'll recognize it's not your husband.
A::Jack was only at that branch once when he took the box years ago.
Q::What's going on?
A::The front door slammed.  Someone went out.  There's a different car starting.
Q::Damned if I know.
A::The video cameras will put you with him in the bank, and I'll bet there were enough witnesses.
Q::I got what I fucking deserved.  I had it all.  I could've kept going!
A::As they say -- no good deed goes unpunished.
Q::What's that supposed to me?
A::I knew you were a loser the first night I laid eyes on you.
Q::What's really on your wicked little mind?
A::The cop in the trunk -- he could still be alive.
Q::I'm handling it.
A::He let the fucking cop out -- but he won't --
Q::You're making it too easy.
A::You got time on your side.  Pretty soon they'll be missed and we'll have the law up our ass.
Q::Pass.
A::A large stretch of empty space with no place to hide.  Temescal Canyon parking lot.
Q::308-9962.
A::Beats yelling our brains out across some parking lot.
Q::Satisfied?
A::You already tried to pull one little number on me -- and it didn't work.
Q::Yeah.  Why don't we?
A::What are you planning to do when they got here?  They'll kill us. They'll kill Rachel.
Q::From what I can see you're a pretty fair wheelman.  There's a hairpin coming up -- that's the place for it. The cops'll plow right into you.
A::And I end up in a fucking neck brace for life!
Q::Better haul ass if we're gonna be inside to greet them.
A::I've got a couple of spare pieces stashed under the floorboards.
Q::I'm in awe.
A::Following which we will have a serious question and answer session with your girlfriend.
Q::The 405 is coming up.
A::Where is this canyon house where you're supposed to hook up?
Q::Yes.
A::I got the order to shoot him. Before I could do it he ran. Ran into a tank and died.
Q::She was --
A::And she used her tits and that cute little ass to get him, didn't she?
Q::What?
A::Request permission to guard the prisoner tonight --
Q::Who is he?
A::Doesn't matter who he is. He is what we would call a legitimate target.
Q::What makes you think that?
A::They're going to let that guy die. And you're going to kill me.
Q::Oh, come on!
A::-- there has to be a darn good reason for living the way you do. I want to know what it is.
Q::Aren't you allowed to kiss back?
A::No. The doctor said it would be bad for my -- thermostat.
Q::It still doesn't make sense, but it isn't worth any quarter of a million either. Have we forgotten anything?
A::The tooth powder. Wait a minute -- could you recognize heroin just by tasting it?
Q::That money's not ours, Adam -- if we keep it, we'll be breaking the law.
A::Nonsense. We didn't steal it. There's no law against stealing stolen money.
Q::The truth, now -- was it my hide -- or the stamps?
A::What a terrible thing to say. How could you even think that?
Q::Someone has to do it, Mrs. Lampert --
A::I'm sorry, it's just that I didn't think that you people were supposed to admit --
Q::Here's where you're to call me -- day or night. It's a direct line to both my office and my apartment. Don't lose it, Mrs. Lampert -- and please don't tell anyone about coming to see me. It could prove fatal for them as well as yourself.
A::Wait a minute -- you think those three men killed Charles, don't you?
Q::Caf.
A::Gratine, choucroute garnie, salade de pommes -- et un ballon de rouge.
Q::Carson was dying so they were forced to leave him. They finally got back to the base, made their report, and waited for the war to end. Only Charles couldn't wait quite as long as the others. He beat them back to the gold, took everything for himself and disappeared. It's taken Gideon, Tex and Scobie all this time to catch up with him again.
A::But if they stole all that money -- why can't you arrest them?
Q::Then how do I know this is your office?
A::Mrs. Foster -- send a memo to Bartholomew at Security recommending that --
Q::Bartholomew?
A::-- recommending that all Embassy offices be locked during the lunch hour.
Q::Only if you can prove to me that you're really Brian Cruikshank.
A::How about if next week some time I put it on a marriage license -- that ought to --
Q::Quit stalling -- I want to see some identification -- now!
A::I wouldn't lie on a thing like that -- I could go to jail.
Q::Because I really suspect Gideon -- and it is always the person you don't suspect.
A::Do women think it's feminine to be so illogical -- or can't they help it?
Q::Got you.
A::Did you ever hear the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Q::Reggie -- open the door.
A::This is a ludicrous situation. There must be dozens of men dying to use my shower.
Q::What are you doing?
A::Have you ever heard of anyone taking a shower with his shoes on?  What a nut.
Q::I can explain if you'll just listen. Will you listen?
A::I can't very well leave without a pair of water wings.
Q::The best for the last -- le chef- d'oeuvre de la collection. The masterpiece. It is the most valuable stamp in the world. It is called 'The Gazette Guyanne.' It was printed by hand on colored paper in 1852 and marked with the initials of the printer.  Today it has a value of $100,000.  Eh, bien -- I am not a thief. I knew there was some mistake. Take them.
A::You gave the boy quite a lot of stamps in return, Monsieur Flix -- are they for sale now?
Q::That was a dumb move, Herman -- a dumb move.
A::And then some. If you'd only told us you was goin' to her room we could've kept 'em busy --
Q::You sure nuthin's missin'?
A::No. The police have kindly provided us with a list.
Q::"My dear Regina: I hope you are enjoying your holiday. Megeve can be so lovely this time of year. The days pass very slowly and I hope to see you soon. As always, Charles. P.S. Your dentist called yesterday. Your appointment has been changed."  Not very much, is it?
A::We took the liberty of calling your dentist -- we thought, perhaps, we would learn something.
Q::Hallo, Peter.
A::You telephoned me to meet you. I've been standing on the corner back there -- waiting for you.
Q::I don't think I follow you.
A::He said if I told anybody it could prove fatal for them as well as me.
Q::There was no trace of him. All right, Reggie -- suppose you tell me what this is all about.
A::There are three men -- he's one of them -- they think I have something that belongs to them.
Q::So they think he left it with you.
A::But he didn't! I've looked everywhere --  And if I don't find it --  Those men going to kill me.
Q::Peter, you've got to promise me something. Promise you'll never lie the way Charles did. Why do people have to tell lies?
A::Usually it's because they want something -- and they're afraid the truth won't get it for them.
Q::Who is she Daddy?
A::Never mind darling. You go back to school. I don't want you missing anymore classes today.
Q::What did you hear?
A::Nothing. I just picked up the phone to say goodbye to you. You didn't say goodbye.
Q::What happened?
A::Two kids were found mutilated in the woods. Lock the door after me.
Q::Did you warn her?
A::No. Let her get at least one more peacefully night's sleep.
Q::Can you describe her? How old was she?
A::I never met the woman. I'm just taking care of the place until they sell it.
Q::I am.
A::My house is just a couple of blocks away. Why don't you come on over and clean those cuts up.
Q::What am I supposed to say? 'Nice sweater Mark'? 'Did you buy it at Eddie Bauer's?'
A::You could tell him you really liked the way he chews with his back molars.
Q::How do you know what to type back when they start to cyber with you.
A::I keep a couple of my dad's porno books hidden in my desk for emergency reference.
Q::Someone tried to kill me.
A::The phone just went dead. I called the police and ran right over as fast as I could.
Q::Everyone's grounded. There's a killer on the loose.
A::No I'm really grounded. When I got in late the other night, my father was waiting up for me.
Q::I feel like I NEED YOU DAD'S permission just to kiss you. Jody, it's time to assert yourself To be a big girl. An individual. I'm going to this party tonight. Jimmy's my ride. Come over to my house after school. We'll go together.
A::I have to go home after school. I have something really important I have to ask my mom.
Q::Are you coming to the party?
A::Let's just start a party right here, right fucking now.
Q::Did he say anything else about her?
A::No but he got really weird. Like I've never seen him act. REALLY angry and super uptight.
Q::I've never heard of her. Maybe something else was on his mind.
A::No. I think she lived her a long time ago. Like twenty-eight years ago. When dad was eighteen.
Q::They were children of our leading citizens, stars of the football team. And she was  a loner. An angry girl that no one really liked. She'd called them 'queers'.
A::People thought these guys had a right to rape her because she called them 'queers'?
Q::Where's Sam?
A::Sam?  Andy gave Sam a nice big desk to park his fat ass behind.
Q::Huh?
A::Well, Darlene usually gives me a signed check for emergencies.  I could always give you that.
Q::...let live.
A::...you stole the truck to uphold your principles, right?
Q::
A::Hey, you didn't happen to lock the truck up when you got out...
Q::...and-and-and truckless in the service of my country...
A::...I feel that my government owes me a little restitution.
Q::...-listed personnel with detailed knowledge of classified secrets falling under the National Security Act.
A::In order to protect those secrets, I am authorized to fine you, imprison you...
Q::You look fit...healthy...
A::...not at all like a man responsible for the deaths of eighteen peo-...
Q::...me?  Well, you could've saved yourself the trip.
A::I know where the  blame belongs.  But I didn't put you in prison, Andrew.  The government did...
Q::Mm-hm.
A::Together, you gave me the opportunity to realize just how very wrong my life had gone.
Q::I beg your pardon?
A::Uh, you wanna hunt outta season, it's cool with me.  But mostly, well, they just take a six...
Q::Well, I've got Dr. Long's body down at the coroner's office.
A::One of our units is pursuing a suspect up the thirty-...
Q:: I don't know.  Um, he's working, but there's a lot of data. Maybe...another hour?
A::We don't have an hour.  We're already supposed to be shut down.
Q::...to talk, son.
A::You know, I gotta tell you.  That really bothers me, somebody calls me "son."
Q::...any idea what's goin' on here?!
A::Yeah, asshole.  I'm puttin' a murder suspect and a guy who...
Q::How come all these new names are pasted into the plat book?
A::Land sales out of escrow are always recorded within the week.
Q::What for?
A::You may think you know what you're dealing with, but believe me, you don't.
Q::Hollis Mulwray made this city and he made me a fortune... We were a lot closer than Evelyn realized.
A::If you want to hire me, I still have to know what you and Mulwray were arguing about.
Q::...the coroner's report showed Mulwray had salt water in his lungs.
A::Hollie was always fond of tide-pools. You know what he used to say about them?
Q::No.
A::Mrs. Mulwray, do you happen to know the name of the young woman in question?
Q::Never forgave him for what?
A::For talking him into building it, he never forgave my father... They haven't spoken to this day.
Q::I don't understand.
A::Neither do I, actually. But you hired me or you hired that chippie to hire me.
Q::What about?
A::I don't know. The traffic was pretty loud. I only heard one thing  apple core.
Q::Lots of fellas do. Tell the little woman they're going on a fishing trip, then shack up with some little twist on the island... she pretty?
A::I'm going to see a man called Julian Cross. Ever heard of him?
Q::Elena!...But when...
A::I got back today. You can't imagine the excuses I had to make up to be here...
Q::I don't remember him any moreMa, where's Russia?
A::It takes years to get there. And years to come back...Now go to bed, Toto, it's late.
Q::Lia'll be so glad to see you, you'll see. And you won't recognize the kids any more, they're grown up by now.
A::They're always writing to me saying they want to come to Rome!
Q::From before the beginning, young fellow. And now it's after the end.  Anything you want to know about him - about the paper -
A::-  We thought maybe, if we can find out what he meant by that last word - as he was dying -
Q::That Rosebud?  Maybe some girl?  There were a lot of them back in the early days, and -
A::Not some girl he knew casually and then remembered after fifty years, on his death bed -
Q::You're pretty young, Mr. -  Mr. Thompson.  A fellow will remember things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me.  One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on a ferry and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in -  - and on it, there was a girl waiting to get off.  A white dress she had on - and she was carrying a white pastrol - and I only saw her for one second and she didn't see me at all - but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl.  See what I mean?  Well, so what are you doing about this "Rosebud," Mr. Thompson.
A::I'm calling on people who knew Mr. Kane. I'm calling on you.
Q::I know that, Emily -
A::Maybe I should have - the first time he showed me what a mad dog he really was.
Q::Oh!!
A::You're a cheap, crooked grafter - and your concern for your children and your mother -
Q::You've got some on your face.
A::If these sidewalks were kept in condition - instead of the money going to some cheap grafter -
Q::It makes a whole lot more sense than collecting Venuses.
A::You may be right -  I sometimes wonder - but you get into the habit -
Q::I happened to see your consolidated statement yesterday, Charles.  Could I not suggest to you that it is unwise for you to continue this philanthropic enterprise -  this Enquirer - that is costing you one million dollars a year?
A::You're right.  We did lose a million dollars last year.
Q::Well, you've been getting a pretty low salary here in New York.  It seems to me that the new dramatic critic of our Chicago paper should get what he's worth. 
A::I couldn't possibly live on as little as that, Charlie.  We'll let the salary stay where it is.
Q::Why don't you people let me alone? I'm minding my own business.  You mind yours.
A::If you'd just let me talk to you for a little while, Miss Alexander. All I want to ask you...
Q::Unnhh!
A::He smoked until the day he died. Used to put the cigarette in this thing and smoke it that way.
Q::That's easy to say from over here.
A::Give me a stick, pretty boy! I'll knock your fucking teeth out and pass all over your ass.
Q::Well, he missed!
A::I know. I'm sorry. Let me refund your cigarette money, and we'll call it even.
Q::What do you care? Hey, what smells like shoe polish?
A::I've got a responsibility here. I can't let everybody grab free drinks.
Q::I guess it's not really fighting. She just wants me to leave here, go back to school, get some direction.
A::I'll bet the most frequent topic of arguments is Caitlin Bree.
Q::She called me Brad.
A::That's not cheating. People say crazy shit during sex. One time, I called this girl "Mom."
Q::What did he say?
A::He said it was important to have standards. He said nobody has pride anymore.
Q::Did you ever notice all the prices end in nine? Damn, that's eerie.
A::You know how much money the average jizz-mopper make per hour?
Q::The women that go through every gallon of milk looking for a later date. As if somewhere-beyond all the other gallons-is a container of milk that won't go bad for like a decade.
A::You know who I can do without? I could do without the people in the video store.
Q::He's blunt, but he's got a point.
A::At least let me maintain some semblance of managerial control here.
Q::She meant nothing to you!
A::She meant nothing to you either until I told you she died.
Q::Her fucking body fell out!
A::So they'll put her back in! It's not like it's gonna matter if she breaks something!
Q::We are employees of Quick Stop Convenience and RST video, respectively. As such, we have certain responsibilities which-though it may seem cruel and unusual-does include manning our posts until closing.
A::I see. So playing hockey and attending wakes-these practices are standard operating procedure.
Q::What the fuck did you do that for?
A::Two reasons: one, I hate when the people can't shut up about the stupid tabloid headlines.
Q::I like to expand my horizons.
A::I got fined for selling cigarettes to a minor.
Q::Holy shit. That girl?
A::As opposed to the hundreds of other children you let buy cigarettes whenever you work here.
Q::What did she say?
A::She's not going to marry that guy. She went home to tell her mother.
Q::Lovely story.
A::Point is-I'm not the kind of person that disrupts things in order to shit comfortably.
Q::I don't know dude. That Caitlin chick's nice. But I see that Veronica girl doing shit for you all the time. She brings you food, she rubs your back... Didn't I see her change your tire one day?
A::I jacked the car up. All she did was loosen the nuts and put the tire on.
Q::Uh... sure. Go ahead. It's back through the cooler.
A::Thanks son. Say-what kind of toilet paper you got back there?
Q::All right, stupid question. But don't you think you're taking this a bit too hard?
A::Too hard?! I don't have enough indignities in my life-people start throwing cigarettes at me!
Q::Honesty through paranoia. Why do you smell like shoe polish?
A::I had to use shoe polish to make that sign. The smell won't come off.
Q::How flattering.
A::Now, making a woman cum... therein lies a challenge.
Q::Why'd you hit me?
A::Do you know how many different men I've had sex with?
Q::You couldn't get these shutters open?
A::I called a locksmith and he said the earliest he could get here it tomorrow.
Q::Is he staying here?
A::He's moving to the big city next week. He wants to be a metal singer.
Q::To an Asian design major.
A::Shit!  Don't take this the wrong way, but I used to fuck her.
Q::Work!  Don't say that word, man.
A::Man, I hate work even when somebody else does it!
Q::Tucker?
A::Qualen, glad you stuck around. There should be a few hundred cops looking to meet you.
Q::Take the gun.
A::You keep it.  Get up there if you can, and if you get a chance, do me a favor and kill him.
Q::Enough.
A::Yeah, we were caught in a storm. I went up there an innocent climber...
Q::I was there, you were the only one who didn't panic.  So do everyone a favor, don't hog all the guilt.  You held on as long as you could.  Yes, everything did go wrong, starting with Hal. I mean, what was he doing up on the Tower with a girl who could barely climb?
A::I can't blame anything on Hal. It was me.  I play it back in my mind everyday.
Q::Man, it costs a fortune to heat this place.
A::I'm glad you find humor in this.  Do you know what people would do for that?
Q::Fine, it shouldn't bother your conscience.
A::Don't lay any guilt on me. Suicide's a personal thing, best done alone.
Q::Have her come up.
A::The down drafts would wipe her out.  It's the only chopper.  If it goes, you got no ride out.
Q::Jessie?  Looks like your friend found company.
A::We're down to a few hours before the whole world shows up here.  Where's the next one?
Q::Why the hell are we wasting time here?!
A::Insurance against him finding that last case ahead of us.
Q::What's the code, Travers?
A::I told you, 50,000 possible keycode combinations, in fifteen second intervals.
Q::I don't like you should do what you done. And I'm not your brother no more and wouldn't want to be.
A::Watch that... Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.
Q::Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
A::No! No! Don't touch it. That's a very important work of art. What the bloody hell do you want?
Q::Very kind of you, sir. Thank you very much.
A::I understand that you had a rather unfortunate encounter with the Police tonight.
Q::You've not been to school all week, son.
A::I've got to rest, Mum... got to get fit, otherwise I'm liable to miss a lot more school.
Q::Now then, each of these slides needs a reply from one of the people in the picture. You'll tell me what you think the person would say. Alright?
A::Righty, right. The doctor reads aloud the dialogue printed in the cartoon balloon - a peacock.
Q::One shirt - blue, collar attached.
A::Have you been receiving medical treatment for any serious illness?
Q::You like Bach?
A::I used to play this piece back in high school.
Q::It's no big deal.
A::No?  How many cabbies get you into an argument to save you money?
Q::A deer?
A::Comin' over Coldwater.  Goddamn deer jumps out in front of me.  You believe that?
Q::What?
A::I think...  ...I think you should get this gun out of my fucking face.
Q::...so, his description of Max the cabdriver matches the guy who walked out of Villa Rodeo.  That guy?  That guy is a cabbie.  And you're telling me this cabbie walks into a phone booth and emerges as a meat eater, assassin with heavy trigger time? What's he do, squeeze 'em in between fares?
A::No.  Your cabbie is floating down a storm drain or stuffed in the trunk of a cab.
Q::...this snitch of yours, what's his name, Ivan?
A::Ivan Petrov.  Supposed to meet me for dinner, never shows up.  I come here, find this.
Q::It's nothing.
A::Tell my son.  You have to hold a gun to his head to get him to come see me.
Q::You're gonna cheer up.
A::By worrying about you spending money on foolish things?  So I can watch them wilt?
Q::Uh, yeah?  Lenny?  It's me.
A::I just got off the phone with the cops.  They called to check you brought the cab in...
Q::You - you killed him?
A::No-no, I-I shot him.  The bullets and the fall killed him.
Q::Uh, look...why don't you just take the car...
A::...and you promise you'll never tell anybody about this, right?  Get in the fucking car.
Q::Lenny?  You're an asshole.
A::Tell him next time he pulls any shit, you're gonna kick his fat ass.
Q::Pull your head out of your ass.  Get your thinking straight.  You wanna die?
A::I'm collateral anyway, so just fucking do it and stop making me a part of this!
Q::Vincent.  Don't make me do this. Don't make me get people killed.
A::We've both run out of options.  If it helps, take comfort in knowing you never had a choice.
Q::Paid sick leave?
A::You tell me to start a union, I'm blowing your head off.  Quit stalling and get out of the cab.
Q::What happened?
A::Guy came in with a gunshot wound, but he died of a heart attack.  Go figure.
Q::What took so long?  You were in there all day.
A::That's how long it takes to turn a hospital inside out.  A lot of people are after you, Jerry.
Q::I didn't mean for you to see it. It's like looking in someone's diary and taking it out of context.  Know what I mean?
A::It made me feel like you could see inside of me.  And I don't know how that's possible.
Q::Answer me.  Was the first time you saw me the first time I saw you? Was it?  You've been following me around.  Do you see how that could be disconcerting to me?  That's not love, Jerry.  It's obsession. And it isn't normal and you can't expect me to respond to it and you can't expect me to feel the same way.  Can you?
A::I would never hurt you, Liza. Think whatever you want, but don't think that.
Q::What is it?
A::There's a car following us. Probably another one flanking us the next street over.
Q::John Hinkley.  The guy who shot Reagan.  He only had two names.
A::Reagan didn't die.  If he had died, everybody would know what Johnny's middle name was.
Q::Excuse me?
A::You were going to ask about my nose.  The poor animal is slated to be destroyed today.
Q::So he thinks NASA is plotting to kill the President?
A::You already asked me that.  Why do you insist on making me repeat myself?
Q::As in 'resulting in death.'  We pushed the envelope until it wasn't even an envelope anymore.
A::If I had any idea what to charge you with or how to prove it, I'd arrest you right here.
Q::It was my father's.  Kept it in his wallet.  He was murdered --
A::I know the story.  A federal judge.  He denied a man in prison an appeal for a new trial.
Q::Tell him I'm on vacation.  That I won't be back for two weeks.
A::I don't know if you're the best lawyer I've got or a high school sophomore.
Q::He's why I watch Jerry.  Jerry's the bait for Jonas.
A::He's shown himself.  Why haven't you arrested him or killed him or done whatever it is you do?
Q::You don't believe it to be... tell me something, Doctor.  Why do you think they would go to all this trouble... bring you tens of thousands of light years, and then send you home without a shred of proof?  Sort of bad form, wouldn't you say?  What was their intent?
A::I don't know.  Ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology.
Q::... could it be a nested code of some sort?
A::You must have checked the signal for polarization modulation already...
Q::What?
A::We've repeated.  A few minutes ago the message cycled back to page one.
Q::-- which we'll also need the network's help to receive and decode!
A::You don't seem to understand that it's your interests I'm trying to protect -- !
Q::Why did you contact us?
A::You contacted us.  We were simply listening.  We've been listening for millions of years.
Q::That isn't the way it works.
A::But you said you wanted to help -- don't you see what it would mean?
Q::You sound like Joseph.  You think the world ends with the millennium?
A::I think whoever sent the message did it because they're worried about us.
Q::It's almost there.  The hardest part is getting someone to sell us the telescope time.
A::What if I said I could get Drumlin to agree to sell you time in New Mexico?
Q::No. But things ain't always like they seem, Arletta. You know that. A man's gotta go his own way.
A::Well, I don't know, I just wash my hands of it, I guess I just got to love you and let go.
Q::Only two? Man, I already done eight. Nothin' to it. Just make the days and let the weeks and the years make themselves.
A::I did three hitches in the Navy. It ain't bad. After a while, you get used to it and the time --
Q::Come on, Drag. Lemme take a look.
A::It'd go to your coconut head. You'd start getting ideas. Maybe even pass right out.
Q::Course not. He ain't in the box 'cause a the joke played on him. He's there 'cause he back sassed a Free Man. They got their rules and we ain't got nothing to do with that. Woulda probably happened to him sooner or later, to a complainer like him. He's gotta learn the rules same as anybody else.
A::Yeah, those poor old guards need all the help they can get.
Q::Shut your mouth 'bout my Lucille.
A::Your Lucille? Man, you better put them glasses back on and take a look at yourself.
Q::They don't know iff'n to smile, spit or swallow.
A::They ain't never seen a bull gang before.
Q::Man Oh Man.
A::That is one mean lady. Bet her husband spends one day a week shooting milkmen.
Q::You ain't man enough to wear them!
A::But you're dog enough. Maybe they'll let you sleep outside the box near your master.
Q::I had the dream again.  And I got another call.  This time he spoke.  He said "You and me, you and me."
A::A little heavy breathing is what most of us yearn for.  <u>Forget</u> it.
Q::What?  What'd I do?
A::Reminded me that I used to be attractive.  That men used to want me...
Q::Then you get your ass outta here, I don't wanta see you again...
A::I brought a present for the lady, there.  I'm looking for her, to give her the present...
Q::Hello, Daryll Lee.
A::You read my book which as you know, hit the stands a couple of weeks ago.  You read it yet.
Q::What book?
A::I sent it by private courier, he didn't give it to you?  That son of a gun...!
Q::Who turned off the Internet computer...
A::I turned it off.  It's like an open window he can climb right in...
Q::Halloran.
A::You betrayed me!  Now every psychopath in the city knows I'm back in business... You lied to me!
Q::Ruben's gone to look... It's banged up but it looks like a .44.  It's Son of Sam.  Is it Son of Sam?
A::Look in the crowd.  He liked to hang around and watch the cops at work...
Q::They put  Merry <u>Saks</u> on it?!
A::He said to send you his regards and to tell you that the Bureau holds you in the highest esteem.
Q::Just get out of your vehicle...
A::He's got Sergeant Halloran in there.  He'll kill her the minute he sees or hears your people...
Q::Answer it.
A::I'm sure she thinks it is.  Aren't you at least interested in which one it is?
Q::You damn well better start working on that impulse control.  A woman who is implicated in this case? Someone who's practically a piece of <u>evidence</u>?
A::It's against your rules that I try to help a witness who's scared shitless?  Who's...
Q::I'm <U>telling</u> you.  Don't you <u>ever</u> address me publicly in that tone. You'll work what and <u>who</u> I tell you to work.
A::Anybody in this department ever worked a serial killer case?  She's the expert.  I need help.
Q::Don't swear at me because we got problems.  I'm just giving you the news.  I went to a Catholic school; I'll tell you what they teach.  On the knuckles they teach.
A::Who've I got to beat up except the messenger?  Does this give us anything to go on?
Q::Inspector, will you confirm somebody is copying the Boston Strangler?  This is the fourth, is that correct?
A::We're going to review all the evidence carefully before making any statement...
Q::I don't want the job.  Don't do that to her.  She's worked too damned hard for it.
A::What's going down with the sting in Chinatown?  That gonna be off your plate in a week or what?
Q::She doesn't lie!  You sure you fed her?
A::She lies all the time.  Why would I say I fed her if I didn't?
Q::Have you seen it?
A::The sergeant asked me to identify it. He didn't believe you'd gotten out alive.
Q::I've never really noticed. Is Renata going with you?
A::I thought she might come along. Handling a car again might be more tiring than I imagine.
Q::Have you seen his penis?
A::I think it's badly scarred too. From a motorcycle accident.
Q::After this sort of thing, how do people manage to look at a car, let alone drive one?  I'm trying to find Charles's car.
A::It's not here. Maybe the police are still holding it. Their forensic people...
Q::I couldn't really say anything because of that fraternizing rule.
A::Well, Letty, this does present a liability issue for the hospital.
Q::I know Michael's a schizophrenic, and Mrs. Hallstrom's manic- depressive, and John Lockyer has episodes of psychosis, and I heard a rumor that you suffer from delusions of grandeur.
A::Go ahead and put the guard back up, Letty. But you need to know what you're dealing with.
Q::How?
A::I'll talk to her, and to Dad, too.  A few wisely-chosen guilt tactics and they'll be ours.
Q::But what am I going to do?
A::Do you want to go see him? I'll take you if you want to go.
Q::Oh, OK, well, better to choose the table cloths first anyway.
A::I was thinking either the peach moire or cream damask.
Q::Yeah?
A::It's got a green dot on its back. I can't go to sleep with it watching me.
Q::It's TV heaven.
A::I was tired of watching what everyone else wants to watch. Now we can watch two shows at once.
Q::Just promise you'll love me even if I end up in a job where I have to wear a blue polyester cap.
A::I think you know I'd love you even more in a blue polyester cap.
Q::Believe me, I know your feelings on the matter.
A::The receptionist said you called earlier about something.
Q::You what?
A::I don't mean to hurt you.    I know this is a terrible thing.    And I have really loved you.
Q::Yeah.   I figured I'd be hearing from you.
A::If you ever want to get those tapes, meet me in one hour at Grant Park near the statue.
Q::A pass.
A::A pass? How you gonna give me a pass? A witness can put me at the crime scene.
Q::Mr. Maranzano sends his warmest regards.
A::When you return please extend my regards to Mr. Maranzano and his family.
Q::You told me that on the phone. What the hell are you doing here? Showing off your communication skills? Go back to your people and tell them when they're serious to put a number on the table.
A::I will relay the particulars of our conversation to Mr. Maranzano.
Q::Someone else coming?
A::Nah, that's just Tony's way of telling me Judge Judy starts in ten minutes. You ever watch it?
Q::Forget the money! We've got bigger problems than the money right now.
A::She probably hid it at her place.    The six of us could find it in --
Q::I bought everything you put on the list. Gloves. Pen knives. Flashlight. Batteries were not on the list.
A::Why should I have to put it on the list? It's like saying to buy a car with tires.
Q::We had a chance to walk out of Zammito's house.
A::We all agreed to it. You had no way of knowing Bastaldi was setting us up.
Q::How'd it go? I don't know.     Daniel, how would you say it went?
A::I would have to say... pretty fuckin' bad. You gave us the wrong address Sophie.
Q::Maybe you should call the police.
A::Hey, idiot -- I've got stolen wheels and a stolen radio in the car.
Q::The map said to go left.
A::Yeah and if you turned it around it would say to go right.
Q::Oh, man... this is bullshit!    You can't trust anyone these days.
A::She took everything!    Didn't even leave us cab fare.
Q::Going somewhere?
A::Oh, Marcel! I thought you were somebody else. If I knew it was you I would have never run.
Q::You lived there. You know the city.
A::I've still got a few legal problems back in the States.
Q::You wouldn't have understood, even if I had tried to explain.  You know... you've gone as far as you can go.  I hid my skills so as not to hurt you.
A::If I hadn't seen you fight with Li Mu Bai, I'd still be ignorant of all you've hidden from me.
Q::Do you know her?
A::She's one of those.  Your mother would not want you consorting with her kind.
Q::I've read all about people like you. Roaming wild, beating up anyone who gets in your way!
A::Writers wouldn't sell many books if they told how it really is.
Q::Out here, you always fight for survival.  You have to be part of a gang to stand a chance.  Slowly, your gang becomes your family.  All that Dark Cloud stuff is just to scare people and make my life easier.
A::So you're still that little boy looking for shooting stars.
Q::Jade Fox?  Impossible.
A::You always suspected she'd fled to the West.
Q::Madam Te is certainly spoiling us with these wedding gifts.  She's being so considerate.
A::I'm sorry she's not feeling well enough to receive you today.
Q::Please, Sir Te, what is it?
A::Li Mu Bai giving up his sword and his warrior days... maybe he's trying to tell you something?
Q::You okay, man?  I mean, what just happened.
A::The venom of bad memories.  You were there; you saw her.  I saw you seeing her.
Q::It's just the dope, don't worry
A::Fun, he's not going away; he's scaring the piss outta me!
Q::I know of no one.  But even if there is, I am sure it is nothing outside your capacity to deal with?
A::Anybody violates my turf -- our turf -- I'll rip out there heart and show it to 'em.
Q::No. I mean. I don't know.  What else do you know about him?
A::Not a whole lot. We take some classes together. He's got a bad rep, but it's mostly bullshit.
Q::Oh right, last night. I guess I owe you an apology.
A::I'm not going to speak to you till you realize that you can't intimidate me.
Q::And that's a bad thing?
A::I'm trying to better myself, but the one person who can help me is the same one pushing me away.
Q::What do you mean?
A::Let's just say Greg likes tackling tight ends on and off the field.
Q::Too bad he's in Kansas this summer.
A::Not anymore. Football team started practice last week. He's already called me to hook up.
Q::What are you scared of?
A::Ah duh. Boys. I've never even gone to first base with a guy. What do I do?
Q::Does your mother know?
A::If she knew, she'd kill me. It happened at your house last night.
Q::If that's what you call it.
A::Cecile, I think you're going to have a hard time crying rape if that's all he did.
Q::I like it better when I'm on top.
A::Cecile. This is what I like to call quiet time. This is time when we reflect on what we've done.
Q::What do you mean?
A::I think he's high on drugs. He hit me, then took off. I'm afraid to be alone. Please come over.
Q::Lovely. How is your gold digging whore of a mother enjoying Bali? Zipping through my inheritance per usual?
A::Hopefully, though she suspects that your decrepit alcoholic father is diddling the maid.
Q::I'll think about it...
A::Oh well, duty calls. Time to add another chapter to my work of art.
Q::In English.  I'll fuck your brains out.
A::What makes you think I'd go for that bet? That's a seventy thousand dollar car.
Q::No, tell me.
A::It was... it was like the emotional part outweighed the physical part.
Q::Not anymore you don't. It's obvious.
A::I can't believe you're reacting this way. You're just saying this because you lost the bet.
Q::What about her?
A::Well... you promise you won't say anything to her. We've developed a friendship and...
Q::First of all, maam, I never touched your daughter and second, I would like to think that in these times someone of your status could look beyond racial lines.
A::Oh don't give me any of that racist crap. My husband and I gave money to Colin Powell.
Q::Why didn't you run after them?
A::I did.  I came to an old dark house, and a voice called to me -- a lovely, sweet voice ---
Q::I shall want you for always.
A::For always, then. Only you must promise never to tell anyone about me
Q::It stands so still.
A::Because it knows it can move with the swiftness of strong wind.
Q::I've been watching you. You couldn't see me, but I could see you. It was like peeking through a slit in the curtain before the play began. You would be a very good audience. I can see that.
A::If you were the lady who gave me a ring, my mother says I have to give it back to you.
Q::It all starts with them going to the bathroom together.
A::That many women in one place -- nothing good can come from that.
Q::PMS. What symptoms are you experiencing?
A::It's hard to describe. I get really bloated and irritable and emotional and depressed and...
Q::My date always pays more attention to you than to me.
A::Frida, I don't mean this as a criticism, but you might not want to talk about PMS around men.
Q::Can't you get contacts?
A::No, it grosses me out even thinking of putting something in my eye.
Q::George bit you?
A::I kind of asked him to. We were, you know... he got a little carried away...
Q::Why did Gregory ask me out? I mean he's cute -- he probably just wants to pitch his screenplay idea.
A::Maybe he likes you, ever think of that? It's good for you to go out -- get your mind off Mark.
Q::Maybe they have to pee.
A::Are you kidding? He might as well say, "Can I date rape you?"
Q::Why would they exaggerate?
A::To sound like big macho cops. He was probably just found with a knife in his back.
Q::You don't think so? You either did or your didn't.
A::I don't remember. We kissed at my door and next thing I knew I woke up with my period. Alone.
Q::And then?
A::I think I went in and fell asleep. I guess Gregory walked home and got killed! I blacked out.
Q::I wonder if he's married.
A::He wasn't wearing a ring. But you don't want to date a cop Frida. They're so blue collar.
Q::I started out on that eye-of-newt diet the doctor gave me and wound up in the tub covered in chocolate.
A::Well whatever it was, seems to have worked cause you look great.
Q::Yes they are! Look how much more hair I have than you!
A::It's just cause mine is finer. A little bleach'll fix that.
Q::Hello?
A::Frida? I was worried to death about you. I've called you for two days. Where have you been?
Q::How could I? I'm helping you clean up Mark's remains and you ask how could I cheat on George?
A::You're right. It's just, I can't cover up a murder so George won't know you're cheating.
Q::Why the fuck would you do that?
A::I could smell another woman on him.
Q::Maybe you should go out with him. If you keep avoiding him he'll get suspicious. Besides, what better way to not get busted than to date the cop who's investigating you.
A::The thing is, I really like him. I finally meet a guy I really like and I'm a fuckin' werewolf.
Q::Hey wait, I paid three bucks for that burger. You owe me...
A::You haven't even paid me back the thousand bucks you owe me!
Q::I wish I could help but last I saw Gregory was outside my front door.
A::Okay, if you think of anything else, please give us a call.
Q::A lot of people don't wear underwear.
A::Yeah but a guy hung like a horse would need briefs to keep things in line.
Q::What are they for?
A::Oh just my wolf paraphernalia. Some people collect beanie babies... I collect silver bullets.
Q::You sure? It's my favorite shirt, mind if I check?
A::NO! I... I checked when I put my stuff in. I always look through the washer first.
Q::But you said the bodies were ripped to pieces?
A::Still haven't figured out how he or anyone else pulled that off. Never seen anything like it.
Q::Hello?
A::Frida? You okay? Look, I think I know what happened to Mark. I want to help. I'm coming over.
Q::I can't take that chance... I couldn't live with myself if I did anything to you.
A::I have the silver bullets in case I need to protect myself. Does that make you feel better?
Q::So I asked the bartender what "coyote ugly" meant. It's like the "bagger" system. You know, a two- bagger -- someone so ugly that you need two bags -- one bag to put on their head and another one in case it blows off. Or a three-bagger...
A::Two bags for them, and one bag for your head in case her two fall off.
Q::He was found a few blocks away.
A::Torn apart. Limb from limb. A bloody gruesome mess.
Q::Hey, there was a lot of blood.
A::She was never a suspect Lloyd. Some animal must have done this.
Q::Yeah okay. I still say Frida's involved. She's the last one to see two dudes alive...
A::She wasn't the last one to see them alive. Whoever killed them was.
Q::Please, they'll kill me...
A::I think it's time you introduced us to your little friends.
Q::I see.  Then who is after you?  What sins have you committed?
A::Just let me sit here for a moment? Ill go soon, and stop bothering you.
Q::What do you think you're doing?!
A::You mean the press conference?  I have a couple of ideas I wanted to share with the country.
Q::Where's the girl?
A::She's a little hysterical right now. We've got her upstairs in a laundry room.
Q::Now, Dave, something has come up and I think we need to talk about it...
A::Look, I'm sorry.  I know you said not to talk, but when I saw the crowd I just got excited...
Q::Datura! Miguel knew it! Datura, he was shouting! Datura Metel!
A::We always planned to use it. We got some ground up already...but we could never find enough.
Q::I didn't realise! Those were de-caps! I didn't know that....de-caps... revived!
A::Any dead whose brains are intact will revive.
Q::Prayers have no power to save. The knife can save. It can cut the disease away. The bullet. It can shatter the brain where the evil takes seed. These are saviours...our new saviours...our only saviours.
A::We must wait. One day the curse will pass. One day a dead man will... will...
Q::You're....you're disgusting! You're....FILTH!
A::And you're the one who builds the bomb and they says, 'I hope it'll never actually be used'.
Q::Sir. In the matter of the State versus Private Tyler, I don't want to...
A::Sir, Tyler is innocent of any crime against the State. Captain Rhodes is...
Q::What happened?
A::I'm supposed to turn everybody in, apologize to the school and all will be forgiven.
Q::If they catch you here, we'll both be in big trouble.
A::Oh, but it's fine for you to come barging into my school and make a complete fool out of me?
Q::Of course just like that.  That's how you always know when it's right.
A::And if it so happens that you're wrong? If it just so happens that I could care less About you?
Q::Knox, you are so infuriating!
A::Just give me one chance.  If you don't like me after tonight, I'll stay away forever.
Q::God, if Chet found out he'd...
A::Chet won't know anything.  We'll sit in back and sneak away as soon as it's over.
Q::English.  Way before your time.  It was hard giving it up, I'll tell you.  I'm hearing rumors, John, of some unusual teaching methods in your classroom.  I'm not saying they have anything to do with the Dalton boy's outburst, but I don't think I have to warn you that boys his age are very impressionable.
A::Your reprimand made quite an impression I'm sure.
Q::What?
A::Keating said everybody took turns reading.  I don't want to do it.
Q::Neil, how are you gonna do this?
A::Sssh.  That's what I'm taking care of. They need a letter of permission.
Q::Nobody's shooting nobody...come on, just let us through the hatch!
A::I'll kill you!! I'll fucking kill you!! I'll do it! I'll do it! I'm not playin' around here!
Q::So...If the hull's impregnable why are my feet wet?
A::Why don't you just stop figuring and keep working so we can get the hell out of here?
Q::I think he knows that Joey.
A::Good! So maybe he also know where the hell am I going to get the parts I need...
Q::Not even a Joey, I'm glad to see you? Joey, what happened to your leg?
A::Joey, you want to get sucked out by a giant fucking mutated squid?
Q::You know what my goal is? Before I die I want to make love to a woman from every country on earth.
A::You mean countries that are acknowledged by the UN...or like made up countires too?
Q::Why don't you help us so we can get done faster so we can get the hell out of here?
A::'Cause grease monkey ain't in my job description dick head...
Q::I thought that was it.
A::So he's in the next one, Albert. I mean take it easy. I mean you're driving everybody nuts!
Q::No-o-o!
A::I'll kill 'em. Anybody bothers you, I'll kill 'em!
Q::Yeah.
A::But, Nick... Hey, I mean, where would a guy like Merle get money like this?
Q::Mr. Murphy asked about you again at work yesterday.
A::He just wants me to make him cinnamon cookies like I made for you.
Q::Twenty years have passed, Wade. Lay it to rest.
A::I was set up and you know it... but you swore under oath I was dirty. You helped bury me.
Q::That's not your zone.  Stick to data entry.
A::I was part of the escort team that re-animated him.  My partner's dead because of this guy.
Q::What's this place?
A::This is where I found Doucet twenty years ago.  Thought maybe he'd come back.
Q::Wallet, cash, I.D...
A::Fire up that thing of yours and tell me all credit card trans- actions after eight o'clock.
Q::You startin' a fan club or some- thin'?
A::Says here one of our boys brought him down.  You ever heard of a badge named Wade?
Q::Granny, when do we move to the new house?
A::Move? -- We are not going to move -- the old one is good enough for us.
Q::What do you want?
A::Howdy, Mr. Stone. We've come round to ask you if you made up your mind to join the Grange?
Q::Jabez -- once you said we'd never change --
A::I wasn't used to being big -- wasn't used to thinking in big ways. Now, I've made up my mind.
Q::Fox hunting -- a Stone going fox hunting on a week day -- and the earth crying out for the touch of him!
A::Now, Ma -- You just try to set an example for me, and keep hold of yourself.
Q::What's that?
A::I said you should stop worrying because I've made up my mind!
Q::And who with better right? When the first wrong was done to the first Indian, I was there. When the first slaver put out for the Congo, I stood on the deck. Am I not spoken of, still, in every church in New England? 'Tis true, the North claims me for a Southerner, and the South for a Northerner, but I am neither. To tell the truth, Mr. Webster, though I don't like to boast of it, my name is older in the country than yours.
A::Then I stand on the Constitution! I demand a trial for my client.
Q::I must have missed 60 Minutes.  What are you saying?
A::The guy upstairs who's fucking things up?  I can give him to you.
Q::Yeah, just trying to handle some year old twinkies.  Yucck.  What do they put in these things?
A::'Sugar, enriched flour, partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, polysorbate 60 and yellow dye #5.'
Q::You sound like a man with a couple of kids.
A::Not yet, the wife in working on our first.  You got any kids back on the ranch?
Q::Powell?  What's going on?
A::Ask the FBI.  They've got the terrorist playbook and they're running it, step by step.
Q::A hunch.  Things he said.  Like, knowing how to recognize a phony ID --
A::-- recognizing phony ID's?  Christ, Powell, he could be a fucking bartender for all we know!
Q::Whattaya think: we gonna kill any civilians tonight, Gene?
A::I never make bets or guesses, that way I'm never wrong and I never have to pay out.
Q::I blame myself, Sonny.  I notice you been tense, like something is happening; the night before last you're yellin' at the kids like a madman, believe me.  And then you wanted me to go on this ride with the kids, this caterpillar about from here to there - fulla one- year-old kids.  It's ridiculous. I'm not about to go on this ride, so you yell right there, 'You pig, get on the fuckin' ride!' Well, everything fell outta - me - my heart, my liver fell to the floor - you name it!  Yellin' at me in front of all those people.  Because you never talked and I never been scared of you, never.  I think: he's gonna shoot me and dump my body in the river.
A::Heidi, for Christ sake, shut up! Will you shut your fucking mouth and listen?!
Q::Maybe we can take something smaller... like a Spanish grocery.
A::It's too late - just get away from me - don't talk to me now - go over to your place...
Q::It's my only chance!
A::I don't know what to say to ya!  I guess I just wanted to say I'll see ya... or whatever.
Q::Don't ask me questions.  I got connections.  You find out who I am, you're cold meat.
A::I don't care who you are ...  I just want to get you outta here, safe, right?
Q::You shouldn't start now.
A::For God's sake!  As soon as I'm outta this bank robbery, I'm gonna stop ... okay?
Q::Well, I stalled him for a while. When it comes the time, then we'll work it out.  Okay?
A::But do you mean in? ... But you just told him that if worse comes to worse...
Q::What?
A::They keep sayin' two homosexuals. I'm not a homosexual.  I want you to stop them saying that.
Q::Why couldn't he talk about that here?
A::He was showin' me how the airport bus is comin' in, like that, Sal.  What's wrong with him?
Q::I want to come in, and see if everybody's okay.
A::You got guts.  You think if Sal and me have cut their throats we're gonna let you out?
Q::For God's sake don't start in on Heidi again ...
A::Did I say a thing against her?  God forbid I should say anything against that fat cunt.
Q::I LOVE YOU, DOMINO.
A::i>I once vowed never to invest too much emotion into anyone, anything.</i
Q::Tell him it's not cute. Will you tell him, Domino!?
A::i>Chinga te y tu mama tambien.</i
Q::I don't know.
A::I think that you're lying. I think you know exactly where the money is.
Q::You then learned where the thieves had hidden the money... and at the instructions of your employer went to retrieve it yourself.
A::He sent us out to the Fender Compound. Out in the desert near the Chicken Ranch.
Q::Something is going down. Something bad.
A::Claremont said we deliver the First Ladies in Needles. Then we go home. No questions asked.
Q::We didn't sign on for this shit.  Fuck! This shit is intense. I need to call my agent.
A::Just shut up and do what they say. They're gonna kill us if we don't, Ian.
Q::Yeah, I know dat motherfucker.
A::I'm trying to organize a boycott of Sal's pizza joint.  Ya see what I'm saying?
Q::I own a brownstone on this block.
A::Who told you to buy a brownstone on my block, in my neighborhood on my side of the street?
Q::What do you want to live in a Black neighborhood for?  Motherfuck gentrification.
A::I'm under the assumption that this is a free country and one can live where he pleases.
Q::How much?
A::You come in here at least three times a day.  You a retard?  A buck fifty.
Q::Why it gotta be about jungle music and Africa?
A::It's about turning that shit off and getting the fuck outta my pizzeria.
Q::No, you the man.
A::No.  I'm just a struggling Black man trying to keep my dick hard in a cruel and harsh world.
Q::I said my name is Eddie Lovell.
A::Relax, Eddie, I want you to go to the corner store.  How much will it cost me?
Q::Sal, just this once, do me that solid.
A::You know you don't get paid till we close tonight.  We're still open.
Q::Sal, if you want me to deliver any faster, get me a jet rocket or something, cuz I can't run with pizzas, all the cheese ends up on one side and shit.
A::I didn't say nuthin'.  You must have a guilty conscience.  What are you guilty of?
Q::I'm not guilty of nuthin'.
A::You must be guilty of something or you would have never come in saying the things you said.
Q::We both do.
A::We all know you're gonna get over with the insurance money anyway! Ya know da deal.
Q::That's out.  No!  It's too hot! You think I'm gonna let you get some, put on your clothes, then run outta here and never see you again in who knows when?
A::A quickie is good every once in a blue moon.
Q::I'm gonna take off ya clothes.
A::Mookie, I told you already it's too fucking hot to make love.
Q::Some are OK.
A::My friends laugh at me all the time, laugh right in my face, tell me go feed the Moulies.
Q::LLOYD? What about Ms. Heller?
A::She says that she's got more important things to do now that the new mall opened.
Q::Wow, a treasure map! What's the treasure?
A::It could be anything. You're going to discover a whole new world when you get to school.
Q::How do you know it's for us?
A::Duh. The cool kids sit in the back of the bus. Here, every row is in the back. We're all cool!
Q::That's a cow, Harry.
A::Well, I could go for a tall glass of polar bear milk right now.
Q::PRINCIPAL COLLINS is her boyfriend!
A::Now it makes total sense why she didn't want him to know we were in his office the other night.
Q::Hey Lloyd. This looks like another one of your mix tapes.
A::Maybe the pirate who buried this treasure chest made it. Put it on.
Q::That's what Jessica was talking about!
A::She wants us to show the world what a great guy Principal Collins is.
Q::Ya know Harry, I think this whole experience has soured me on women.
A::Yeah, we should never let a woman come between us again.
Q::My parents are going to wonder where I am.
A::One phone call from the principal will take care of that, my dear.
Q::Why ith dat newth?
A::This school's never had one before. I'd like to talk to you and all your special friends.
Q::Yes?
A::Forced spice evolution of humans changes many things.... I must sit close to him.
Q::Maker?... Maker is the key word... the tooth of the worm? That was close...  Did you think that I, knowing the mysteries of the Great Mother, would not know the maker?
A::My lady, when one has lived with prophecy for so long, the moment of revelation is a shock.
Q::Don't touch my mother...
A::Oh great mother!  He's trying the voice. The Reverend Mother said it could save him.
Q::My own name is a killing word.  Will it be a healing word as well?
A::Usul... these are fifteen of our fiercest fighters to serve you as your guard... the Fedaykin.
Q::Ah, you gotta be jokin'!  A great man like you... I'll bet you have dozens of 'em lined up.
A::Back in the old days, yes.  But now -- no one give two fucks for Bela.
Q::Out <u>there</u>?!  What happened to the stream?
A::This'll look a lot better.  We have to match the stock footage of the octopus underwater.
Q::All I wanna do is tell stories.  The things I find interesting...
A::Well maybe you're not studio kind of material.  Maybe you just need to raise the money yourself.
Q::That's right...
A::I see the usual gang of misfits and dope addicts are here.  Say, who's the lug?
Q::But what's our relationship?  Are we good friends, or is she just a casual acquaintance?
A::Dolores, I got five days to shoot this movie.  Quit kidding around.
Q::So my associate Mr. Marco tells me you may be interested in investing in a motion picture.
A::Perhaps a small amount of money.  How much do one of your motion pictures cost?
Q::I kinda need it now.
A::What are you looking at me like that for?  I already gave you my three hundred.
Q::I like to think so.
A::That cardboard headstone tipped over. This graveyard is obviously phony!
Q::I think you're quite handsome.
A::No.  With hair, yah.  But I must shave head for wrestlink.  It scare da crowds.  Dey like that.
Q::I'd be happy too, if I had such a great family.
A::Don't worry.  You just haven't met right woman yet.  Oopsy.  That cabbage goes right through me.
Q::You know, to make the legs move --
A::Hey, don't blame me!  You didn't say anything about no motor when I was up on that ceiling!
Q::How you doing, Ed?
A::I feel like when I was a kid and my mother sent me to school in orange corduroy pants.
Q::Yeah?!
A::That means a balloon payment and a big raise for the second month.
Q::Ed --
A::No. You screwed up my life just so you could get higher ratings. You never gave a shit about me.
Q::What's the difference?
A::The difference is for twenty years I thought one thing and now it's another thing.
Q::What does this mean?
A::It means they hate his freaking guts. It means if he were on fire they wouldn't put him out.
Q::Are you sure about this?
A::Hey, believe me -1 know I've got a great chance of making a fool of myself, here.
Q::Quite a shithole, isn't it?
A::It could be, if you fixed it up. How did you... ? I mean how does anyone ... wind up like this?
Q::Now at the end of her junior year, Tracy was poised to win the presidency of the student body.  And so far she was running unopposed.
A::...the rules of conduct determined by a culture at a...
Q::Paul, I know you've been pretty down since your accident.
A::I wanted to play next year so bad I could taste it.  And maybe go on to...
Q::I don't know.
A::If it's a date I think you'd better tell me your first name because I --
Q::It doesn't matter.  All they get is Veronica Lake.  You got the real Lynn Margaret Bracken...  Where'd this come from?
A::When I was ten, my old man threw a bottle at my mother.  I guess I got in the way.
Q::What's going to happen to Stensland?  He'll give himself cirrhosis over this.  <u>He's one</u> <u>year from his pension</u>.
A::It would've happened years ago if you hadn't carried him.  Why the loyalty, Wendell?
Q::Tell me about the boyfriend she had.  The one you mentioned at the morgue.
A::First I want to go on record as saying that my Susie was a virgin when she died.
Q::What happened?
A::Someone held up a coffee shop, panicked and killed six people.
Q::You figured this was a set-up? And you showed up anyway?
A::A lot of bad stuff happened here. It's as good a place as any for it to end.
Q::Are you Pierce Patchett?
A::I am.  Are you soliciting for police charities?  The last time, you people called at my office.
Q::I don't have one.  Lefferts looked beat-up Christmas Eve, but didn't act it.  How come?
A::Do you care about criminal matters peripheral to Susan's murder?
Q::No.
A::Then you wouldn't feel obligated to report them?
Q::Why were Lefferts' eyes black?
A::I think she'd been hit in the face with a tennis racket.  She is -- was -- a big doubles fan.
Q::What do you want, <u>officer</u>?
A::You remember an ex-cop named Buzz Meeks?  He works for a guy named Patchett.
Q::How 'bout I give you your balls back?
A::Before Meeks disappeared he was popping off about trying to move eighteen pounds of heroin.
Q::What do you mean?
A::It's like they knew they were going to kill everyone before they went in...
Q::No.
A::Would you be willing to beat confessions out of suspects you knew to be guilty?
Q::No.
A::Would you be willing to shoot hardened criminals in the back to offset the chance --
Q::I know you mean well, Dudley, but I don't need to do it the way you did.  Or my father.
A::At least get rid of the glasses. I can't think of one Bureau man who wears them.
Q::It's a simple question.
A::You should be the last person who wants to dig any deeper into the Nite Owl, <u>Lieutenant</u>.
Q::Okay, college boy, I'll help you. But I want half the collar.
A::A third.  I don't think we can make a case without Bud White.
Q::The Nite Owl.  Anything bothering you about the case?
A::Yeah.  The fact that you guys won't let it get filed away.
Q::We got a dead ex-cop and a girl who looks like Rita Hayworth at the Nite Owl.  Another dead ex-cop under the house of Rita's mother. It's not a good week for ex-cops.
A::I got Vincennes in the next room. It's not a good week for cops in general.
Q::I want to know why you see him. Is it a Patchett payoff?
A::I see Bud because I want to.  I see Bud because he can't hide the warmth he has inside him.
Q::Do you have any proof?
A::The proof had his throat slit.  So far you're not denying it.
Q::You tight with the D.A., trash?
A::Sure, he just tried to throw me off the force last Christmas as a little joke.
Q::What happened with the kid and Loew?
A::You didn't get my message?  It got called off.  The kid chickened out at the last minute.
Q::Loew didn't go with him.  You're sure?
A::I put Reynolds in the cab myself. The night cost me a hundred scoots and I got bupkis.
Q::I don't know anything about Zavitz.
A::You said he was behind an extortion scheme.
Q::Me neither, but the upshot is I've got color live-action footage of you and Ms Hawkins and it doesn't look good.
A::So...how much money do you want in exchange for not ruining my life?
Q::I don't know what that means.
A::Like a LowJack, but two generations ahead of what the police use. It pulses at 230 Giga-Hertz.
Q::Goddammit--
A::We're honest people and we need your help. I'll give you two- hundred dollars if you--
Q::How?
A::Same way they did with you and me. We take their biggest guy and turn him into one of us.
Q::You wanna get caught spying on Albert?
A::No, I want the NSA to get caught spying on Albert.
Q::What do you know about locking cellular phone signals?
A::I know my phone number and I know the number for SportsPhone. Beyond that--
Q::For that matter, I think you will too.
A::Could you give me just a moment to talk to a friend of mine here? Not about this, but...Daniel?
Q::About the accident.
A::I'm no expert, but I'm assuming that the impact of a moving bus against his body caused--
Q::I know.
A::I went to the bank to see why. They said you emptied our accounts--
Q::I was missing you.
A::You're as bad as Eric. I've got an entire family of people who root through--
Q::It is fish.
A::I mean it tastes like every other fish I've ever had. Every fish tastes the same.
Q::I know.
A::The IRS contacted me this morning. They say my lifestyle and receipts exceed my income.
Q::If he passed me materials, I'd have them. I don't.
A::We'd like to recover any materials Mr. Zavitz may have given you--
Q::I don't under--
A::The Union's trying to railroad you into accepting terms worse than what you have now.
Q::That's what I want to talk to you about?
A::I wrote a check for a thousand dollars. You guys didn't have a table that was in the kitchen?
Q::It means who's side are you on?
A::You didn't ask me to meet you 30 miles from my office for a Bible study class.
Q::Is that anyway to talk to an old school chum?
A::You're gonna finger me as soft on terrorism? <i>Terrorism,</i> you unconscionable asshole?
Q::Thank you.
A::I wanted to meet a man who could write such a long paper with so few adjectives.
Q::Could I ask you, please, to paste you paintings into my book?  I should like to have them.  I should be honored.
A::Of course.  Is it, am I a terrible coward to ask how much water we have?
Q::Please - I beg you, I beg you, I beg you, please listen to me, this is a terrible mistake. Just stop, please, and listen to me.  My wife is dying.
A::Listen, Fritz, if I have to listen to another word from you I'll give you a fucking good hiding.
Q::I told her you would never invent such a preposterous name.
A::I told her you can forget everything but you never forget your name.
Q::You were the only man who knew the desert well enough, the only man who would cross seventeen hundred miles of nothing.
A::I had to get back to the desert. I made a promise.  The rest meant nothing to me.
Q::Did Katharine say? - Geoffrey has to fly back to Cairo.
A::Have to return the favor - take a few photographs for the army.
Q::That's a different dress.
A::He keeps asking me questions about you. Do you know him?  Do you recognize him?
Q::I was going to say - if you want to eat with us, ever you and Lieutenant Singh
A::Very kind of you, we can always eat in the town with the others -
Q::How romantic.  With Fiona I fell over every five minutes.  Ronnie Christened me Lady Downfall.
A::I think I might go inside and sit down for a few minutes.
Q::And the draft blew over the flowers.
A::Put the bolts on that window under a scope, I'm betting you'll find wrench scratches on them.
Q::I've been following this guy for years. I'm your best shot.
A::How would you approach him? Hello, Mr. MacDougal, I'm Gin, would you steal a painting with me?
Q::You don't call, you don't write.
A::This was my first excuse to get away. I can't exactly use my cell phone.
Q::This is dangerous. I'm sending backup.
A::You, want to blow the whole thing, go right ahead.
Q::How much am I paying?
A::I'm paying...one point five million and change. I hate round numbers.
Q::Nothing? You don't even lock the door?
A::I guess I have a more optimistic view of human nature than you do.
Q::True enough.
A::You need a partner for this job. You'll never find one as good as me.
Q::I'll need that.
A::No one <u>needs</u> anything except food and shelter. The rest we just want.
Q::So how long to pop the floor?
A::Twenty four seconds--as long as it takes the clock to strike twelve.
Q::I'll need the Rembrandt now.
A::Sure, it's only worth 25 million or so, don't bother telling me what you're going to do with it.
Q::I'm not real big on collecting banged up Ferraris at airports.
A::Next time I'll use valet parking.
Q::If we don't bypass it, the temperature in the Mask room will change and set off the alarm. That would be inconvenient.
A::Inconvenient is trying to find a pulsing laser with magic arms in two days.
Q::You look like George Washington.
A::I cannot tell you a goddamned lie. She's selling you a pig in a poke. We better do this tonight.
Q::My antenna is up, it is fully extended, and I am picking up...what is it? It is, can it be? The boy is in el, u, v.
A::It's never happened before. What makes you think it's happening now?
Q::Um, Erin?  Listen.  Even though you're not necessarily my favorite person in the world ...  ... sometimes you're not half-bad.
A::I'm gonna assume that was meant as a compliment, Anna, and just say thank you.
Q::250,000?
A::In terms of land value out in Hinkley, Mr. Masry, we feel it's a more than fair price.
Q::He came tearing around the corner, out of control --
A::An ER doctor who spends his days saving lives was the one out of control --
Q::I added air conditioning, put in the pool, made all those pillows by hand ...
A::Yeah?  I should learn to do stuff like that. They make the place feel real homey.
Q::What's chromium?
A::It's a chemical they used over at that compressor station up the road there.
Q::They took some bone from my hip and put it in my neck.  I didn't have insurance, so I'm about seventeen thousand in debt right now.
A::... couldn't take painkillers cause they made me too groggy to take care of my kids.
Q::Oh, please, it was long over by then.  God damn, he made me look like some cheap --
A::I told you the questions might get a little personal --
Q::So what's the story on this thing?  This cancer stuff?
A::You wanna know, you gotta hire me back.  I got a lot of bills to pay.
Q::So what made you think it was?
A::It doesn't take a genius to look at those medical records and think something's wrong.
Q::What do you mean?
A::PG&E corporate is claiming they had no way of knowing what was going on in Hinkley.
Q::If they've sent that little shmuck Baum again, I'm gonna be real pissed off.
A::From their tone of voice on the phone, I'd say they're taking us more seriously.
Q::Jesus.  They look like the Secret Service.
A::They're trying to intimidate us.  Tell them to wait in the conference room.
Q::I want my fucking money --
A::I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for just one second here --  Do you mind?
Q::What's a demur?
A::It's PG&E saying to the judge that we don't have a case.  Their lawyers go --
Q::I was wrong.
A::Say you shortchanged me and you shortchanged yourself.
Q::Ed, I swear, I'm not --
A::Okay, fine.  <u>Fine</u>  You backed me into a corner again.  You're holding me hostage ...
Q::Two million dollars?
A::The firm took in sixty.  That's three percent.  Seemed like a fair bonus to me.
Q::You've been reading for hours.
A::I'm a slow reader, on account of the fact that I look at the word "dog" and see "god".
Q::PG& -- Are you sure?
A::Yup.  They must be important, too, cause they came on a special plane.
Q::I never forget, honey.  I try, real hard. It's just, for some reason, I don't seem to be able to organize things right and -- when it comes to you guys, I end up falling short.
A::You never fall short for the work people.  I guess maybe you just love them more.
Q::Ooh, now, see, if I'da known there was a beautiful woman next door, I'da done this different.  Let's start over.  My name's George.  What's yours?
A::Just think of me as the person next door who likes it quiet, and we'll get along fine.
Q::No, no jokes, I gotta pee.  Just tell me about your day.  What went on back there?
A::Well, come to think of it, we did have a big event around here.  Beth started talking.
Q::What?  Beth?  My Beth?
A::Yeah.  We were sitting around at lunch and she pointed at a ball and said, "ball."
Q::What?
A::My daughter, she's bought a big house with a room for me.  I'm going to move in with her.
Q::Oh.  Oh.
A::No one put me up to anything.  I was just hoping I could ask you a couple questions.
Q::I have felt it.
A::Our situation is most precarious. We have a new enemy who could bring about our destruction.
Q::I don't know, Artoo.  Sir, might I inquire what's going on?
A::Go tell your precious Princess ... Luke is dead unless he shows up soon.
Q::You, too, golden rod.
A::I must admit there are times I don't understand human behavior.
Q::Let's hope so ... it's just the chance we need.
A::To get killed ... you're not seriously going into an asteroid field?
Q::Are you crazy!
A::Look, we just got this bucket going again.  I'm not about to let some varmint tear it apart ...
Q::I'm still not sure what you've accomplished.
A::Chewie, check the manual release on the landing claws.
Q::I hope Luke made it to the fleet all right.
A::Luke!  I'm sure he's fine.  Probably sitting around wondering what we're doing right now.
Q::About what?
A::Now don't get the wrong idea, pal. She was just trying to express her true feelings for me.
Q::What about Leia and the Wookiee?
A::You will find them well enough. But they must never again leave this city.
Q::No.
A::Good.  It would be most unfortunate if I had to leave a permanent garrison here.
Q::I'll take what's mine now.
A::Take them, but I'm keeping a detachment of troops here to watch over them.
Q::What about Han?
A::I didn't know you had a price on your head.  Vader has given you to the bounty hunter.
Q::Very noble.  Not smart, but noble.
A::You've probably never done an honorable thing in your life.
Q::Calm down, will ya?  Tell me about Han.
A::He wants to pay off that criminal he's in hock to.
Q::Jabba the Hutt?
A::I could get more loyalty if I went down the hall and recruited some of those snow creatures.
Q::Yes, yes.  To Obi-wan you listen young one.  The tree.  Remember your failure at the tree!  Heh?
A::I've learned so much since then.  And I'll return to finish ... I promise that, master.
Q::The Hoth System?
A::Yes, Sir .... we have visuals ... the System is supposed to be devoid of human forms ...
Q::Cuervo...?
A::You're my woman, you understand? You don't let anybody take you away from me without a fight.
Q::Wait a minute. All right. Hold on.
A::Cuervo Jones has more firepower than two armies. No one gets near him.
Q::No. The right skid's broken. If I try to set it down she'll crash. I have to stay in a hoverwhile you jump off.  Hey, Carjack. We gotta hide the girl. Give her your dress.
A::My name is no longer Carjack. Will you please get that through your fucking head?
Q::Is that what I think it is?
A::Yeah. The place kept changing owners. Finally went bankrupt. That thing in Paris killed 'em.
Q::This is a dead end.  You took us into a dead end!
A::I just thought you wanted to get away. I didn't know you wanted to go someplace.
Q::Is he coming?
A::He heard Lady Guenevere's request and he said nothing. That is all.
Q::They miss the battlefield. I think we do too.
A::But one can still keep a sword sharp riding out in the name of the King's law.
Q::Merlin, the powers of Summoning, the true Name of the charms of Doing and Undoing. Show me!
A::I won't. You would misuse such power. I have paid enough for you, and I will have you.
Q::How about Lankaster Merrin.
A::Merrin? I had notion he was over in Iraq. I think I read he was working on a dig around Nineveh.
Q::Good morning Madame.
A::Good morning Karl. Oh Karl, we've got rats in the attic you better get some traps.
Q::Lies?
A::Ya know, those things to get attention, like saying that her bed shakes and stuff.
Q::I mean, what if a person, let's say, was a criminal, like maybe a murderer or something, you know? If he came to you for help, would you have to turn him in?
A::If he came to me for spritual help, I'd say no.
Q::Save me o' God by thy name, by thy might defend my cause, proud men have risen up against me, men of violence seek my life, but God is my helper, the Lord sustains my life and every need he has delivered to me, glory be to the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
A::As it was in the begin is now and ever shall be, world without end, amen.
Q::Let the enemy have no power over her.
A::And the son of iniquity be powerless to harm her.
Q::...look down in pity...
A::You killed your mother!!! You left her alone to die!!!! She'll never forgive you!!! Bastard!!!
Q::I'm afraid.
A::If he talks to me, I think he'll leave you. Do you want him to leave you?
Q::Cindy.
A::She threw a goddamn radio into the bathtub. How do you explain that?
Q::What do you mean?
A::I mean maybe you should check with us before you go off and book us a month in advance.
Q::Be reasonable, Jack.
A::I play two hundred nights a year with you, Frank. How much more reasonable you expect me to be?
Q::He takes after our mother.
A::Yeah,well, a11 I know is mother nature must be one crazy dame.  Shit.
Q::So why's he do it?
A::I guess in case one year they're not.
Q::Maybe he'll ask your ma to marry him.
A::I hope not.  He's already busted the springs in two chairs.  Hey, what's this?
Q::Waxy Wright.  Didn't Jon Archer bust you for poisoning five members of the Canadian parliament?
A::They never should've voted against U.S. statehood -- the scumbags.  We heard you got wasted.
Q::I don't care -- he's manipulating it.  That bomb has been built and it's out there, somewhere.
A::What do you expect us to do -- shut down the city, evacuate two million people on a hunch?
Q::And this thing can grow it?
A::Yes.  Pollux bought one along with the original batch.  Obviously, he found a way to make more.
Q::What do you mean?
A::He's going to kill off our bureau chiefs -- one-by-one.
Q::One of my informants spotted him -- right here in the city.
A::I just asked you about making love to your wife, and you started talking about your job.
Q::What are you going to do, Castor?
A::Let's not confuse things anymore.  I'm Archer. You're Castor.  But if you need proof --
Q::Archer cut him a deal for turning state's evidence. He's free.
A::Walton, you have to let me see the warden --
Q::What are you -- stupid?
A::You haven't changed at all! Some guy tries to rape me -- and you side with him!
Q::You always call me Miss Brewster.
A::Let's try to be a little less formal from now on, shall we?
Q::It was confirmed by your personal security code. Nobody knows that code but you!
A::Obviously someone else knows it!  Get everybody back to their posts -- NOW!
Q::Don't worry, nobody knows I'm inside.  Check it out.  Remember that fat fuck agent who roughed us up in Thailand?  He's being treated for bone cancer at the V.A.  Thanks to the miracle of NSA grid-technology ...  -- Ooops!  His radiation does just quadrupled.
A::Are you TRYING to give us away? For somebody with such a big brain, you think awfully small.
Q::We gut the organization -- and rebuild it with more reliable friends.
A::Most of the current chiefs -- they must have pretty hefty prices on their heads.
Q::You're the only person in this place who can see right through me.
A::You've made us look pretty good in the past week.  And the way you handled the press --
Q::What's that?
A::Me.  I have doubts about your ability to stick with what is essentially a desk job.
Q::You'd have to start immediately.
A::Done.  In fact, I was already plotting about the best way to meet the foreign bureau chiefs.
Q::Yes, Jon.  That Karl.
A::I'll have a talk with her. By the way, you never said anything about last night ...
Q::Where's Jamie?
A::That's what I'd like to know.  She stole fifty dollars from my purse and took off.
Q::Kate Reynolds...
A::Her assistant said you could call her at home after eight.
Q::Mom, dont you think we need to open the presents?
A::Mommy needs five more minutes in la la land. That could be her present...
Q::Were friends, arent we?
A::Maybe I dont say it enough but you moving in next door to me...
Q::Im having kind of a bad day.
A::I read somewhere that the suicide rate doubles during the holidays...
Q::No?  Cmon, Jack...Ive got everything I need, I dont have regrets, thats just not for me... sound familiar?
A::You mean because you thought I was cocky Im now on a permanent acid trip?!!
Q::Heres the thing.  I really hadnt planned on giving you your...uh... anniversary gift until tonight.  You know, anniversarys good all day...
A::What are you talking about?  You never wait all day.  You can barely wait until its light out.
Q::You actually forgot our anniversary.
A::Ill fix it.  Ill go out right now and get you something.  Ill make it right.
Q::My office is a dump, I answer my own phone...and youve seen my pay check.
A::Your pay check is a disgrace to pay checks.
Q::Please. Lets just go have a cup of coffee. Thats all Im asking for. Im sure theres another flight to Paris tonight.
A::What do you want from me? You want me to tell you everything that happened was okay?
Q::Its because Im shy, Betty.  So, when are you going to leave that old corpse Mr. Peterson and run away with me?
A::You know you could never satisfy me the way he does...
Q::And sleep you shall. Noblesse oblige is not dead.  Not yet anyway...Come, lets get you some help.  Surely there must be a shelter somewhere in this city.
A::A shelter?!  Im the richest guy in the building...Ive got twice the square footage you have!
Q::Peter.  I don't see you rushing home to trim the tree.
A::That's because I'm a heartless bastard who only cares about money.
Q::I just got a call from Terry Haight.  Bob Thomas is nervous...
A::That'll happen when you're about to spend thirty billion dollars on some aspirin...
Q::You know, you could'a run an ad in the personals.
A::"Sensual blind chick seeks three-ton, rock-hard he-man for deep spiritual relationship."
Q::Yeah, well, his eyes say different.
A::Hey, two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either.
Q::Reed said it'd be weeks till --
A::He <u>also</u> said we'd avoid that storm in space.  And we know how that turned out.
Q::I don't really know.  A compound organic-metallic alloy.  Stronger than titanium or carbon steel.  Harder than diamonds --
A::Like the shields Reed said would protect us.  How long?
Q::Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde--
A::What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot...
Q::How's the IPO?
A::Stable.  We're looking at low twenties.  It's a good number, considering the fallout from --
Q::I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you?
A::Not much.  We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage.
Q::Didn't go as <u>planned</u>?  It was a <u>catastrophe</u>.  You ruined the lives of four people --
A::u>I</u> ruined?  With all due respect, I told you to abort --
Q::<u>Abort</u>?  Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will <u>not</u> let you make me look like a fool --
A::Victor, if we could understand what happened to us --
Q::You said it was urgent.
A::It is.  There's something we need to talk about.  Something I need to ask you...
Q::I know that. But what's the maximum?
A::In his comatose state...and everything slowed down...no more than sixty seconds.
Q::At topspeed...and adjusting distance for Degree of Miniaturization --  The sub should get through the Heart in fifty-seven seconds.
A::That would give us only three seconds to revive him...
Q::Air bubbles!... Doctor --
A::No danger of an embolism. At our reduced scale, they're much too minute to prove fatal to Benes.
Q::I understand you've been Dr. Duval's Assistant for quite some time... He must've snatched you out of the cradle.
A::I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF, over five years ago.
Q::But that isn't possible.
A::Not in a sealed vessel like an Artery.  Captain -- something must be wrong with your controls!
Q::It's against my better Judgment...
A::Better Judgment?! To wait until the actual operation -- when it may be too late?
Q::If we can't go back, is there an alternate route?
A::Yes... We can go forward on this course, but it means going directly through the Heart.
Q::Grant -- wait a minute -- you're not going to dismantle the wireless?
A::Just one little transistor and a circuit wire is all it takes.
Q::But that'll knock out our communications! We'll be cutting ourselves off from the outside.
A::They'll still be able to track us by radar, because of the radioactive fuel.
Q::Yes, there is.
A::Could I run a tube through that Wall, without harming Benes?
Q::What's wrong, Skipper?
A::What I was afraid would happen. The stuff we passed through -- that looked like seaweed --
Q::No, see, I don't need a finder's fee, I need - finder's fee's, what, ten percent, heck that's not gonna do it for me. I need the principal.
A::Jerry, we're not just going to give you seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Q::But I already got the, it's okay, the loans are in place, I already got the, the what, the -
A::Yeah, the three hundred and twenty thousand dollars, you got the money last month.
Q::Yah, well, they exist all right.
A::I'm sure they do - ha ha! But I can't read their serial numbers here. So if you could read me -
Q::Where're you going?
A::Be back in a minute. If Stan calls you, just tell him I went to Embers. Oh, geez -
Q::I mean a parking lot.
A::Yah, well, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot - ha ha ha!
Q::You're sayin' that we put in all the money and you collect when it pays off?
A::No, no. I - I'd, I'd - pay you back the principal, and interest heck, I'd go - one over prime -
Q::How's it look, Marge?
A::Well, he's got his gun on his hip there, and he looks like a nice enough guy. It's a real shame.
Q::Hmm?
A::You don't get paid to abuse the copy machine.
Q::No.
A::That day you came over to my place to play doctor... what was going on there?
Q::You got about thirty seconds.
A::I know that I've been... unwell.  I know it's been like there's two sides to me.
Q::You're the one who did this to me. You're Mr. Durden, sir.  Tyler Durden.
A::Please return your seatbacks to their full upright and locked position.
Q::It's getting exciting now.
A::That old saying, how you always hurt the one you love, well, it works both way.
Q::Yeah.
A::So, you called me up, because you just wanted to have a drink before you... go find a hotel?
Q::A nice, big cock.
A::Only a hummingbird could have caught Tyler at work.
Q::Huh?
A::"The liberator who destroyed my property has re-aligned my paradigm of perception."
Q::Tyler...
A::An expired community college student ID card.  What did you used to study, Raymond K. Hessel?
Q::I've got everything.  The bombs.  The army.  I've got Marla.
A::Bob is dead, Tyler.  The police blew a hole in his head.  Was that part of your plan?
Q::It's not just about me.  Someone I saved died last night in a freak accident.  What if the others are in danger, too?
A::Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up.
Q::Are you crazy?  What makes you think you'd survive?
A::What happened when Eugene tried to kill himself out of turn?
Q::I'm not sure I understand.
A::Being alive after our time caused an outward ripple - a rift in Death's design.
Q::First I'm stuck with Jury Duty, now this nonsense.
A::Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya, but I've been over this X-Files shit since the sixth season.
Q::Shit, I don't have her number.  She was never interviewed.  She took off right after the accident.
A::How are we going to find her?  There must be thousands of white vans in this state.
Q::Kalarjian?
A::I think a nurse named Kalarjian is going to choke Isabella to death!
Q::Is that something you're "feeling?"
A::I don't know. I wish I could just see him... one more time, then, maybe...  I would know.
Q::I'm not just layin' down a bunch of math here, with this. I'm talking about indications... omens... that day, that we were meant to die. That, if, we have been aware of... would have saved everyone on the plane.
A::That's total bullshit. You can find death omens anywhere you want to.
Q::Police are coming.
A::That's why It skipped Carter and went to the next one in the path of the explosion; Billy.
Q::Cuticle lacerations.
A::Why would he pull at the wire if he were committing suicide?
Q::Hey, man, why'd you say that?!
A::'Cause if you say another word, I'm gonna fuckn' kill ya!
Q::Why's that?
A::I go up to this camp two months ago. Nobody there.  Empty for years.
Q::Thanks.
A::Rambo.  NVA coming.  Pig dog Kinh say meet them here.  Whole garrison from Con Cuong is out.
Q::You think they'll find any?
A::POWs?  I don't know.  But either way it'll get that subcommittee off our necks.  Cream?
Q::Look, it was a screw-up, alright? They weren't supposed to find anything.  We thought that camp was empty.
A::This mission was a scam from the word go?
Q::So there never was a Phase Two rescue team?
A::Of course not.  You can't get approval to rescue a kitten from a tree after Tehran.
Q::I've got to put these tapes in some kind of order... and... Oh, I should get my sports jacket cleaned...  ... There's coffee if you want...
A::u>You</u> made coffee?... You're going back to work <u>and</u> you made coffee?... I love this!
Q::No, I... I think we should talk about this.
A::You want to talk?  Come on, Jack... Did I cross the line by mentioning the future or what?
Q::Uh... gee... well... you seem to be some kind of vigilante...
A::No, no... I mean that sort of happens along the way but no...  I'm on a very special quest.
Q::Well, id'n that nice.
A::It's ridiculous! I'm sitting here, listening to some asshole cracker compare his life to mine!
Q::Sssh, come on now...  Be a good girl.
A::If you really want a get up an' leave me, you can read about it in the newsprint.
Q::Okay, Ray...
A::Or maybe sit out by the pool an' get myself nice an' tan for you. Would you like that?
Q::You're leaving?
A::Yeah. I said a week, and I've overstayed myself...
Q::You know, just after I came back off tour with the Betenthaller Quartet, Dad, myself and Herbert had a summit conference about you...
A::Oh, my, "a summit conference." I wonder where I was, polishing silver behind the coal bin.
Q::That's exactly what I am doing, again.
A::Do you have to let me get halfway through the movement first? This is tiring me.
Q::Not now, I'm busy
A::God, I just wanna speak to you. I just wanna speak to you the way I feel about you.
Q::Wha'?
A::She fucks it all up!
Q::The one with the phat ass?
A::No, c'mon, stop playin'. The girl that you kissed when we got there. Where s he live at?
Q::'Your men' might just be involved in all this.
A::You idiot. Off the record, deep background: I've got that beach crawling with undercover cops.
Q::Jerry, you're simply going to have to trust me. I've got a foolproof way to get rid of this guy and now you're jeopardizing everything.
A::Your 'foolproof' way is going to land my ass on the front page while you're basking in Rio.
Q::No children?
A::No books. No elephants either. No really good elephant books.
Q::Gee, Alan's been looking kind of sick lately. Is he all right?
A::I can't discuss another patient. You know that.  Well, I can't find anything wrong with you.
Q::Noooo. Free snort. That's it.
A::Wait five minutes, and go to my office. You'll get federal protection after that.
Q::Doctor Holmes went to get you some smelling salts. He was quite surprised that you fainted.
A::Well, I didn't want to say anything, but I thought the dead man was my brother.
Q::I did not break nor enter. I simply chose an advisable location to await my client's delinquent husband.
A::I hate to conduct business on the lanai. Why don't we step inside.
Q::Are you serious?
A::That's history, Fletch. You owe us nine hundred and eighteen dollars.
Q::He wrote me a nice deposition. He says he just received the drugs. You did the selling.
A::I didn't sell nothing! I didn't sell nothing! I just carried the drugs from the Chief to Sam.
Q::Did it ever occur to you that I might not want to kill you?
A::I've got fifty thousand dollars says you will.
Q::So?
A::So, your husband hired me to kill him. That's the truth.
Q::Here's this dog that tried to eat me. Here's my motel. Here's the car I rented...
A::Stop it.  Are you saying my husband is defrauding me?
Q::Just give me a hint, all right?
A::All right. Maybe there are some crooked cops involved in all this.
Q::I was upset.
A::I'm sick of this place. I'm going to try out for the Lakers. They need a power forward.
Q::After their initial investment in the factory, Grendel didn't need them.  Told them to fuck off. They tried to get these C.D.s together in order to have proof of Grendel's involvement, so they could keep him in line.  Now's the fun part...
A::I can't believe I lost an eye for a bunch of phony C.D.s
Q::Ick.
A::I won't ask why you would want to help someone trying to kill you, but hey, good job.  Shall we?
Q::Hey.  God.  You're an asshole.
A::Let go of the belt!  What are you doing?  You got mad at me for trying to save the other guy.
Q::You heard that Bobby Vomit O.D.'d, right?  Do you suspect foul play and stuff?
A::I'll tell you when somebody pays me to give a shit and stuff.
Q::So...
A::I don't take cases with foundations in bullshit.  They are very hard to walk around in.
Q::If this bridge were in Europe, it would be on every tourist's sight- seeing list.
A::Most New Yorkers never notice it - most Americans have never heard of it.
Q::Why don't you do the same, Doyle? You look like shit.
A::Look.  My partner and I found this case and I don't want no Feds screwing it up.
Q::That's crazy.  You lost the Frog in the subway and you blew our cover. If they haven't moved already they're not gonna move now.
A::Walter, I can make this case if the Feds will get the hell out of my way.
Q::Toy wit' this will ya.
A::There's about a hundred years' parole time in there night or day.
Q::No sir -- this is where Joel lives.
A::He was the bank on that shipment outta Mexico three years ago.
Q::Why haven't they killed the juice?
A::Switches are shorted out.
Q::I wanna be wrong here.  But we need to go to the precinct and talk about it.
A::Okay, okay.  I need to go say something to Julia and finish up with the guy on the radio.
Q::Yeah, it's me.
A::You're the voice of an angel, Johnny.  If you hadn't told me, no way I would'a ever made it.
Q::She just died, your mother just died?
A::No Dad, it happened a long time ago, a long time ago for me.
Q::Whatta you mean...
A::He didn't just kill three women anymore. He killed ten.
Q::What do I tell them?
A::Tell 'em there's a homicide in progress... cause by the time they show up there will be.
Q::Tell me something good, Chief.  Tell me about the future.
A::Well they found out cigarettes give you lung cancer.
Q::Who the fuck is this?
A::Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Q::What do you mean?
A::The quiet can fool you.  It fooled me.  You can never be sure of what's out there.
Q::Why did you come back here?
A::... To prove something to myself... to prove I'm stronger than I think I am.
Q::You admit the sign did say "Camp Forest Green," with an arrow pointing this way.
A::I admit nothing without talking to my lawyer.
Q::Better get out the Hefty Bags... Looks like our boy desperately wants us to believe his story.
A::He sure chose the right day to pull this shit.
Q::You got me where you want me. There's no reason not...
A::If I had you where I really wanted you, they'd be pumping your ass full of formaldehyde.
Q::Mr. Duke, how can you claim that Jason Voorhees is not truly dead?
A::How many times has Jason been reported killed before, Mr. Campbell?
Q::Eight times.
A::Eight times.  They've burned him, dipped him in nuclear waste --
Q::Jesus, Steven, that's...that's really lovely.
A::I mean, how can you go through life without never having made a prank call?
Q::It was a community service.
A::Absolutely.  The church even sent me an autographed picture of God.  Ward!
Q::I think it's time for some recreational activity, girl.
A::Sounds good. I hear there's a shuffleboard court on deck -- it might be kinds cool...
Q::It's not that, it's just that...  It I get caught, I'll lose my science scholarship and everything.
A::You're talking to the prom queen, Eva. Do you really think I'm going to risk getting caught?
Q::Christ...where's Rennie??
A::She's...she's dropping the anchors. I thought the Coast Guard could find us easier if...
Q::She's fine, Charles. Take it easy...
A::Oh, I can see that. You've done a wonderful job of supervising the kids, Miss Van Deusen.
Q::Can't we at least talk about it?
A::I refuse to discuss this ridiculous notion that a ghoul is terrorizing this ship.
Q::Maybe not. But you're not telling me everything, are you?
A::Whenever I get near the water, I see this young boy drowning. He tries to pull me down with him.
Q::I...I don't know...
A::Is your ship equipped with Omega satellite navigation or LORAN?
Q::I'm not a lonely spooky writer like you. Nursing a hundred grudges. I'm a man who loves life.
A::We're talking about something deeper than grudges. How do we respond to personal attack?
Q::She's doing like those Iranians. `I divorce thee. I divorce thee. I divorce thee'
A::And he hears it the same time I hear it? What happened to family secrets?
Q::Oh please. Not now.  She wants you to stop seeing What's- Her-Name. Finally. Now and forever. Do you think that's too much to ask? For a wife of nineteen years.
A::You're too young to be studying criminal behavior. It's making you obsessive.
Q::See, Daddy.
A::I've seen it twice. I went back tonight to be sure. It's a brave and honest piece of work.
Q::I've been looking for you because I want to let you know what's been going on before you read about it in a gossip column.
A::We stranded five runners in the first two innings. This will come back to haunt us.
Q::It was an animal thing. No real intimacy.
A::I never thought of Dr. Wetzel as having a sex life outside the office.
Q::What happens if somebody comes in here right now and shoots you?
A::This place becomes famous. Tour buses. Blind people feeling around for bullet holes in the wall.
Q::What's it like to shoot somebody?
A::I respect a kid who does his homework in a taxi. But let's put a lid on the questions.
Q::Say it and you'll believe it. Life is good. Say it.
A::I want to say it because my whole life may depend on these next few moments.
Q::I've had three straight washouts, Sidney.
A::You're dangling from the last letter of your last name.
Q::Yes.
A::I can see her face so clearly. Dear God. My heart was flying out of my chest with love.
Q::If I'm sleeping with him, and I haven't said I am, then so what?
A::So everything. That's so what. So I begin to hate him. So I want to do him grave harm.
Q::But you don't even know me. How can you care what I do with whom?
A::I know you both. Enough. How much knowledge does it take before a man does something crazy.
Q::"Take a fifth step, that we may serve the people."
A::"I will follow close behind you and help to serve the people."
Q::What was he like?
A::Lots of hair... and a little like a college freshman -- trying to figure everything out.
Q::Fortunately such news comes very slowly where I live.
A::I think if we all worked to publicize it... all of the Congress... every avenue we know.
Q::What do you want?
A::That the fighting will stop -- that you make me believe it will never start again.
Q::You've done me a great service.
A::It would have been uncivil of me to have let you make such a long trip for nothing.
Q::Are you going to walk all the way?
A::My name is Walk-er. And I intend to report it the way it is.
Q::After what they did at the massacre -- it's only an eye for an eye.
A::An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.  We must stop.
Q::I will not sit by to see the mastery of the British replaced by the mastery of the Hindus!
A::Muslim and Hindu are the right and left eye of India. No one will be slave, no one master.
Q::You mean you employ Mr. Baker as your attorney, but you can't walk down the street with him?
A::I can. But I risk being kicked into the gutter by someone less "holy" than Mr. Baker.
Q::I don't know who they've left out there to do the work. There can't be one mine left open. Have they touched the women?
A::My wife publicly defied the law. They've arrested her and four others.
Q::I don't like anybody <i>this</i> unlucky.  Widen the sweep.  The West side.  Draw a five mile radius around Gattaca.  Hoover some of the classier establishments.  Random car stops.
A::We're already getting complaints about frivolous search.
Q::From what budget?
A::I'll take it out of your damn <i>pension</i> if you question my authority one more time!
Q::What about you?  What's in this for you, Eugene?
A::Listen, I bag this stuff anyway.  It may as well pay my rent.
Q::You wish.
A::They found him in his office this morning-- beaten so bad they had to check his nametag.
Q::Not thirsty?  We've got enough virgin samples to last us the week.
A::I don't feel too good.  I think I'm still drunk from last night.
Q::By the time I'm at the Belt, you phone and say, "How are you?"  Forty-five minutes later I reply, "Not bad.  How are you?"
A::I guess I'd better have something important to say if it takes that long to get an answer.
Q::Anything I've forgotten?
A::We want him--we were hoping he would get married and have children.  We'd like grandchildren.
Q::What do you think?
A::I think I could do something  provided you know what you're doing and you can meet the terms.
Q::All it takes is a long arm.
A::Hard to judge how these things happen. The Parole Board almost never reverses their decisions.
Q::I'm in a hurry.
A::You still don't get the picture do you? I've always heard what a smart ass operator you are.
Q::We are always going to be all right tomorrow. I'd like to be all right a few todays.
A::We're going to have a lot of those,  We're just going to get the money and then go all the way.
Q::So what. I've got to give him his money. That was our end of the deal.
A::He might be ready to chop us up.
Q::Let's send his cut back -- Just keep going.
A::If we make a mistake., he'll burn us. You make a deal, you're always better keeping your end up.
Q::I always thought jails make people hard. Not you. You're just not tough enough to forget about Beynon. I chose you, not him.
A::Either we pick it up or else we leave it right here. We got to go one way or another.
Q::Just in case someone gets a shot off.
A::I worked ten years without one, I don't need one now.
Q::That's what I want.
A::I don't report the car and I don't know either of you?
Q::I got a nurse in mind.
A::The glucose will begin working in half an hour. You'll feel better then...
Q::It is. Honestly.
A::You bloody whore. Frank was too careful to die like that. Who killed him?
Q::And what you going to do?
A::Make us a nice cup of tea and I'll tell you. I might even let you watch.
Q::What's that?
A::That's six hundred pounds, Harry. Two hundred to follow you, and I've raised it four hundred.
Q::How many leads have we got?
A::The Glengarry...the premium leads...? I'd say we got five thousand.  Five. Five thousand leads.
Q::Four.  You had four leads.  One kicked out, one the judge, you say...
A::...you want to see the court records?  John?  Eh?  You want to go down...
Q::What?
A::You've got a big mouth, and now I'm going to show you an even bigger one. 
Q::The check's no good?
A::You stick around I'll pull the memo for you.  I'm busy now...
Q::I don't understand.
A::That's what they are.  Three business...I wait till Monday, my time limit runs out.
Q::Let's...no one's going to know, let's go around the corner and we'll get a drink.
A::She told me I had to get back the check or call the State's att...
Q::Listen, Michael's got a lot of nice people here.  Friends of Kay's. He'll never forgive me if you ruin his party.
A::I hate to see you cringe in front of him.  How come you're so scared of your own kid brother?
Q::I never met them.
A::Pentangeli's dead.  He was ambushed by the Rosato Brothers.  Didn't you know that?
Q::Within the compound will be fine.
A::I was supposed to take the children to New England next week.
Q::Why didn't someone tell me!
A::I wanted to tell you alone; your wife doesn't know what's going on.
Q::I don't like it when you use the word impossible; nothing is impossible...
A::Mike, it would be like trying to kill the President; there's no way we can get to him.
Q::I'm going to the market.
A::If you could just give us a list, we'll pick up anything you want.
Q::I had no idea...
A::I wanted to see you before you went back to Nevada.  Also, the children - Michael, they're here.
Q::Michael, you're sitting up here in the Sierra Mountains with champagne cocktails making judgment on the way I run my family.
A::Your family still carries the name Corleone, and you will run it like a Corleone!
Q::Don Corleone, I wish you let me know you was coming.  We could have prepared something for you.
A::I didn't want you to know I was coming.  You heard what happened in my home?
Q::We're all part of the same hypocrisy, Senator.  But never think it applies to my family.
A::All right, then let me say you'll pay me because it's in your interests to pay me.
Q::Thanks, doll.
A::I say let loverboy watch his movie.  And be grateful Boone's not cutting Shirley Temple's lawn.
Q::He's an artist.  Anyway, he's too old to think about sex.
A::All the old men I know think about nothing but sex.
Q::You're sure of that?
A::This is what the priests tell me. His sins of the flesh will keep him from heaven.
Q::Sins of the flesh?  Everybody has those.
A::No.  His is the worse.  The unspeakable.  The deed no man can name without shame?
Q::No, you were middle class, like all Americans.
A::I guess you'd say we lived on the wrong side of the tracks.
Q::Mr. Boone.  You're not due to cut the lawn until Wednesday.
A::I'd like to sit for you again.  But only if you ease up on the locker room talk.  Okay?
Q::I'm up.  Thanks.
A::Hasta la vista, Boone.  And give the jail bait a squeeze for me.
Q::Go home, Clay.  We're closing up.
A::I thought I'd give you a hand since I kept you open.
Q::Am I correct in assuming, Mr. Kay, that it's not me you're interested in, only my horror pictures?
A::Oh no, I want to hear everything. You made twenty pictures in all --
Q::My point. Yes. Simple, really. I require the best. I insist on the best. I only engage the best.  Your brother. His friends. They came to me. They wanted my paper. He was your brother. You were the best. Now. They've brought so much goddamn heat down, I may not be able to fill this order. Which would be very bad for me. Which in turn, is very bad for them...
A::I could kill you. That occurred to me. When I first heard about this. That I would kill you ...
Q::It just ain't happening --
A::You'll get the hang of it, kid. You just need to remember one thing -
Q::You hear me?
A::I hear ya. Get me outta this. I'll move to the country. Open a fruit stand...
Q::Reads the infrared. Then kills it. Little something the R & D department came up with ...
A::How long were you gonna let me try and stop it...?
Q::Where'd you find this one?
A::Ya gotta keep tabs on your "Eleanors", Memphis. Cos you never know when you're gonna need one --
Q::She was so great, why'd you leave her?
A::Her parole officer strongly recommended it ...
Q::I appreciate your dilemma, Memphis. But how are two washed-up thieves and an old man supposed to boost 50 cars in three days...
A::His criminal career has officially come to a close ...
Q::What are we going to do with him? We can't dump him in the street.
A::Bring the car round back. I know a place Upstate they'll never find him.
Q::Whadda you mean, you can't make any more deliveries? You're going to fuck up everything?
A::My father got a letter from the school. He said the next time he'll kill me.
Q::I gotta talk to him as soon as I can.
A::He says he's too hot.  He doesn't even know I came here today.  It's like he's crazy. Jimmy.
Q::No way! You're kiddin'!
A::No, he was so hammered that he drove the police cruiser home. Fuckin' lights and everything!
Q::Are they hookin' you up with a job?
A::Yeah, sit in a room and do long division for the next fifty years.
Q::WILL!
A::And so they go around to the front of his truck...and there's another cat on the grille.
Q::I might understand that.
A::Do you find it hard to hide the fact that you're gay?
Q::That's very presumptuous.
A::Buddy, two seconds ago you were ready to give me a jump.
Q::Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I'm married and I have two children.
A::I'm sure you do. You probably got a real nice house, nice car -- your book's a best seller.
Q::Tell me what you really think.
A::Poor color composition, lousy use of space. But that shit doesn't really concern me.
Q::What is?
A::I think you're one step away from cutting your ear off.
Q::I was trying to be smooth.  But at twelve-fifteen I was gonna come over there and talk to you.
A::See, it's my life story. Five more minutes and I would have got to hear your best pick-up line.
Q::Oh Will! I was wondering when you'd call.
A::Yeah, I figured maybe sometime this week we could go to a cafe and have some caramels.
Q::You bust outa jail, Tom?
A::Naw. They paroled me.
Q::Can't promise you that, but there'll be a licensed agent here tomorrow mornin', if you want to talk to him.
A::Ma's shore gonna like it here. She ain't been treated decent for a long time.
Q::At my meetin's I used to get the girls glory-shoutin' till they about passed out. Then, I'd go to comfort 'em--and always end up by lovin' 'em. I'd feel bad, an' pray, an' pray, but it didn't do no good. Next time, do it again. I figgered there just wasn't no hope for me.
A::I never let one go by me when I could catch her.
Q::I ain't no more a preacher, you know.
A::We know. But ain't none of our folks ever been buried without a few words.
Q::Can't tell if you hear it or not. You hear it, Tom?
A::I hear it. I think they's some guys comin' this way, lots of 'em. We better get outa here.
Q::Goin' far?
A::Just a few miles. I'd a walked her if my dogs wasn't pooped out.
Q::Lookin' for a job?
A::No, my old man got a place, forty acres. He's a sharecropper, but we been there a long time.
Q::I know, but I got a stomickache. I ain't hungry.
A::You take that plate inside the tent an' you eat it.
Q::Ma...  Ma, I--I can't go to the dance. I jus' can't Ma. I can't hardly stan' it, with Connie not here--an' me this way.
A::Why, honey, it makes folks happy to see a girl that way--makes folks sort of giggly an' happy.
Q::Know where we're a-goin'?
A::Don't matter. Just got to go--an' keep a-goin', till we get plenty a distance away from here.
Q::Forget it, Ma. I got her figgered out. Long as I keep outa trouble, ain't nobody gonna say a thing. All I gotta do is keep my nose clean.
A::Maybe they got crimes in California we don't know about. Crimes we don't even know *is* crimes.
Q::Yeah?
A::Could you see your way clear to sell us a loaf of bread, ma'am.
Q::--Stop it--
A::You know those horsey biscuit gravy packets? I move all of those--
Q::How long has it been?
A::Since you stood me up on prom night and vanished without saying a word?
Q::I don't have a problem with that. It's up to Annie.
A::Well, it's worth it, really? I mean, how much longer do you think you need to work with Pilgrim?
Q::Are you shy, Mr. Booker?
A::Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like to try riding again, some time before you go home.
Q::Liz is taking care of him.  The doctor said the sooner you start therapy the better the chances are you can --
A::I can't even get out of bed yet! You're already putting me in therapy!!
Q::Who is it?
A::Uh, nothing. I'm going to pick it up in the other room -- would you hang this up for me?
Q::Ha, she loves telling this story about how when he was two years old, he ran off. They found him in the barn, sleeping between two giant hooves of a Percheron stallion. She said that horse was protecting him and nobody could convince her otherwise.
A::I got a little confused though. The ranch Ellen was talking about -- that's not this one?
Q::Of course not.
A::Probably best. You may want to shoot yourself half way to Ohio.
Q::I believe so. Saw it on a television show, once.
A::Well, that's just what we need on a cattle ranch -- a vegetarian from New York.
Q::Where did you get Pilgrim from?
A::We bought him in Kentucky. My mother and I took a trip down there to see him.
Q::You want to go down or stay along the river?
A::We already did the river. Let's go down and across the old bridge. We can circle back.
Q::You shut up, stupid!
A::You're the one who's stupid -- letting her go and fall off your horse!!
Q::What?
A::This Ellingson security creep. I gave him a copy of the disc you gave me.
Q::Alright, so what have we got?
A::Well, we have fifty passwords, plus whatever Polaroid head here got inside Ellingson.
Q::Uhhhmm...
A::It's a little boxy thing, Norm, with switches on it... lets my computer talk to the one there...
Q::What the hell was that all about?
A::I had to move fast. The hacker copied my garbage file.
Q::Can I come over after Jamie's asleep?
A::My parents are going to come home early tonight.
Q::Why not?
A::Susan broke her ankle last night at the ice rink  Rachel?
Q::I don't want to have anyone live through that night again.
A::I've said this before. I think your the one who needs medical help.
Q::That's all the windows, Dad.
A::All right. Good Good.  Logan I want you right here by the front door. This is the dead bolt key.
Q::Leave Myers for the state boys.
A::The state police won't know how to stop him.
Q::Why?
A::10 years ago he tried to kill Laurie Strode, and now he wants her daughter.
Q::Six bodies, Sheriff! That's what I have seen between here and Ridgemont. A filling station in flames. I'm telling you Michael Myers is here in this town. He's here to kill that little girl and anybody that gets in his way.
A::Hank, call the troopers and check his story out.  And assuming what you say is true..
Q::You son of a bitch, you just created a lynch mob.
A::You haven't got a police force! These men may be the only defense you've got.
Q::Where's the radio?
A::Right through the kitchen you'll see the basement stairs.  Brady, you know how to use a gun?
Q::What time?
A::I don't know yet. I have to get out of taking my stupid brother trick-or- treating.
Q::What's wrong, Annie? You're not smiling.
A::I'm never smiling again. Paul dragged me into the boys' locker room to tell me...
Q::I don't see anything.
A::That man who drove by so fast, the one you yelled at.
Q::I've already lost it.
A::I doubt that. Listen, my mother is letting me use her car. I'll pick you up. 6:30.
Q::What's the pumpkin for?
A::I brought it for Tommy. I figured making a Jack-O-Lantern would keep him occupied.
Q::Deal. Hey, I thought Paul was grounded.
A::He was. Old jerko found a way to sneak out. Listen, I'll call you in an hour or so.
Q::You idiot!
A::...Then you rip my clothes off. Then we rip LYNDSEY'S clothes off. I think I've got it.
Q::Anybody live here?
A::Not since 1963, since it happened. Every kid in Haddonfield thinks this place is haunted.
Q::What do we do?
A::He was here, earlier tonight, and he may be coming back. I'm going to wait for him.
Q::No...
A::Tommy, Halloween night is when you play tricks on people and scare them. It's all make believe.
Q::Sam, Haddonfield is a hundred and fifty miles from here. How could he get there? He can't drive.
A::He was doing all right last night. Maybe somebody around here gave him lessons.
Q::What did he say?
A::He asked me if I could help him find his purple lawnmower.
Q::But I'm seeing him.
A::I know.  I said that, but...  he said it was something he really felt like doing.
Q::Hmm?
A::Do you remember that summer in France?  Hannah, you had jet lag for six straight weeks.
Q::W-well, please be candid.  I, I-I don't want you to feel bad.
A::Yes!  But I...I have certain feelings for you, but don't make me say anything more, all right?
Q::Where're you going?
A::I've, uh...gotta find, gotta get a phone number in my desk.  I forgot to phone Mel Kaufman.
Q::Do you talk to Holly or Lee behind my back?  Do you?  You must.  They- they seem to know so much about us.
A::Well, maybe I've asked advice once or twice or-or made a joke.
Q::You matter to me.  Completely.
A::It's hard to be around someone who gives so much and-and needs so little in return!
Q::What's the problem?
A::I'm not interested in what your interior decorator would think, okay?!
Q::But there's nothing wrong with you.
A::If there's nothing wrong with me  then why does he want me to come back for tests?!
Q::I don't know.  Cancer, I--
A::Don't say that!  I don't want to hear that word!  Don't mention that while I'm in the building.
Q::Two months ago, you thought you had a malignant melanoma.
A::Naturally, I, I--Do you know I--The sudden appearance of a black spot on my back!
Q::Yeah, they have these banks, you know, where they keep them frozen.
A::Fro--?  You want a-a defrosted kid? Is that your idea?
Q::You're too demanding.
A::You know, I could always tell what you thought of me by the type of men you fixed me up with!
Q::Well--
A::Can I, can I not accept gestures and feelings from people?  Do I, do I put people off?
Q::That's the point.  I'd like to be bothered.
A::I don't see how you could know about these things unless Elliot's been talking to you.
Q::This is it.  Yeah.  This is really-- HOLLY  Well, wo-would you be willing to-to read it?  Something...that I wrote?
A::Well, yes, I would if, uh, if it would mean anything to you.  I don't know why it would.
Q::Why did he come back?
A::Our operatives in Brazil have been empowered to offer a reward of....
Q::...what?
A::Do you think you could make a cup of coffee, cause I'm going to work.
Q::Fine, thank you, but
A::Speaking of which, I want you also to get us tickets for the Opera...
Q::...my love...
A::...they asked us to dinner.  How can we accept if we cannot <u>return</u> the...
Q::My encounter.
A::u>Someone</u> offered three million dollars bounty on Dr. Lechter's head. 
Q::Howdy Pouty.
A::I was pretty confident that I was going to blow it with Talia, but I must say, I outdid myself.
Q::Man asswipe, you made my enormous cock fall off...
A::I don't know about you dickweeds, but I gotta go take a nice, long juicy dump.
Q::College was entertaining, Wichita, but after 40 days and 40 nights of this, I really think we're going to get to know each...
A::Ooh look, time to confiscate my first water balloon...
Q::...and it hurts too much to keep these feelings inside me any longer...
A::Talia, you know how important our friendship is to me and I would never do anything to...
Q::Gee, thanks.
A::It's so great to be able to talk to a girl and not have to ask "What's your major?" I hate that.
Q::Well then, I'll pray for rain.
A::See the condoms in the grass over there. We killed tonight, Veronica. We murdered our baby.
Q::"You might think what I've done is shocking..."
A::"To me though, suicide is the natural answer to the myriad of problems life has given me."
Q::She missed "myriad" on a vocab test two weeks ago, all right?
A::That only proves my point more. The word is a badge for her failures at school.
Q::You're probably right..."People think just because you're beautiful and popular, life is easy and fun. Nobody understood I had feelings too."
A::"I die knowing no one knew the real me."
Q::Your son's dead and you love him.
A::How do you think Mr. Kelly would react to a son with a limp wrist with a pulse?
Q::Get off my bed, you sick psycho! You think you're a rebel! You're not a rebel! You're a sick psycho! Do you think you're a rebel? Do you think you're a rebel? I wanna know!
A::"You say tomayto, I say tomahto. Let's call the whole thing off...Hold it!
Q::You two....
A::Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight.
Q::You two....
A::Greate pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the funeral tomorrow.
Q::is bending down, pulling a tray of sausage rolls into the oven. Both girls look at HONORA silently.
A::turns around and Juliet presents her with a brown paper bag.
Q::I thought for hours about whether Carmelita should accept Bernard's marriage proposal . . .
A::I think she knows what's going to happen . . . she doesn't appear to bear us any grudge!
Q::You were supposed to have a date with Gwen last night? GWEN DEARDON? The supervisor?
A::Serious as a heart attack my friend. I think she literally fucked me brains out.
Q::As in one minus one equals zero yes. Where are you going with this?
A::How many zeros was your wife worth?
Q::That was cold...
A::No, making another woman compete with someone who's been dead eight months. That's cold.
Q::The best business decision if you ever made I'll bet.
A::Enjoyable too. The merger never even felt work for one second.
Q::What happens if I'm convicted of Kirsty's murder?
A::Well they'd have to prove it in a court of law for one thing-
Q::What's under that sheet...?
A::You probably don't remember the night we played. Your first year as husband and wife.
Q::My teacher told me once there's a puncture point on your body that can lock your soul within it, even after you're dead. So that when you die you're trapped inside your body, watching it corrode for all eternity.
A::Look, whatever your Marharagi, told you, forget. You've got to get this fuckin pain to stop.
Q::Whoa, I have serious space issues, dude. What do you want?
A::I... think we need to talk, there's something really strange going on...
Q::That's close enough.  It's a confession.  The truth.  Jesus, I'm sorry, LaPlante.  I had the shoe, you said you didn't want, publicity because of your legal problems.
A::I don't recall saying I didn't want a million bucks...
Q::I know what he means.  I'm not a prison kinda guy, Miss O'Day.  I'm a goddamn working man for Chrissake!  Maybe I "augment" my income a little with some "business deals," maybe summa the guys I sell to are crooks, how would I know, I'm not an investigator.  You can't make it on a wage no more, not in this country.
A::I think our best course right now would be to focus on the Probation Officer's report...
Q::Mister LaPlante, I really want to help you, but crazy stories are only going to make it worse.  The D.A. is asking your bail be set at twenty-five thousand dollars because you were arrested again while you were out on bail...
A::Twenty-five grand is peanuts!  All you gotta do is get me outta here long enough to collect.
Q::I snuck in.
A::You media people, you think you can just go anywhere you want, spy on people.
Q::Swiped your purse!  While he was saving you?  You gotta be kidding!
A::And sold it to Mister LaPlante, the fence, who's now trying to blackmail poor John.
Q::She broke up with her boyfriend.  Listen, babe, we needja back. You gotta follow up on the jumper, find the human interest in the grim, unending tale of woe that pours from the wounded heart of the heartless metropolis.
A::The story behind the story, the ugly scandal behind the falling millionaire, the dirt, you mean.
Q::That's terrific.  Don't be afraid to be demonstrative.  You're sounding a lot more confident than when we last spoke.
A::I am.  I'm really feeling pretty good.  I have a much stronger sense of how far I've come.
Q::Do you have a family?
A::Uh, no -- I've never really found the time to settle down.
Q::Yeah, you know, that in life you really have to choose what you want to do.
A::Listen, I'm sorry, but it's really late -- you don't have to come tomorrow to work on the floor.
Q::Neil, calm down.
A::Neil, don't leave the back doors open -- I don't want Holly near the pool.
Q::I know.  It's just having to pass muster with these juniors before the senior partner even agrees to see me.
A::It's just a dumb game they play. You want to be at a bigger firm, get used to the politics.
Q::You'll have no need for that, Highlander.
A::Since we hardly know each other, I'm sure you'll understand if I hold one to it for awhile.
Q::You cannot run from your destiny, Conner.
A::Perhaps -- but if I must face it, let it find me, for I shall search for it no more.
Q::You've been seeing her for over a month now.  Have you learned nothing from the past?
A::I've learned that a man can only go so along living alone.
Q::How comes it your are not afraid?
A::Would'st you harm one who comes to aid you?
Q::You guys are from the British museum, right?
A::No -- we're from Strange facts and mysteries.  It's a syndicated show out of..
Q::Corpses?
A::Yes.  We found another man outside a site we were working at in Scotland.
Q::Why would someone pull on the rocks to get in the cavern?  They were wedged in tight.  They couldn't get a grip on them.  They would have had much more strength pushing on them.
A::If they pushed the rocks you would have found them on the other side of the cavern wall.
Q::What now?
A::Now I can start to live.  To feel. To grow old and live each day without the promise of another.
Q::I have to tell you something --
A::We gotta find a way outta here is what we gotta do!
Q::We're not coming in there by force, okay? No one wants to hurt you.
A::I got these people!  You try to come get me, I'll kill every fuckin' one of them!
Q::It's over now, Dennis!  Don't hurt anyone.
A::We'll burn this fuckin' place down!  I got gasoline all over in here!
Q::You're a funny guy, Talley.
A::I'm going to put on an officer named Will Maddox.  You talk to him for a while.
Q::You picked a bad house to hole up in, son.
A::Two hundred thousand cash, right in your pocket, no one needs to know.
Q::Give up.
A::There's a million dollars in there, maybe <u>two</u> million.  I'll give you half.
Q::He needs a doctor.
A::Shut up and sit down.  You think someone's gonna make a house call?
Q::I heard he's fucked up.  They're taking him to the hospital.
A::Goddamnit, tell me what you <u>know</u>.  Did the cops go in?  Did Smith have the disks?
Q::I need to work out some stuff.
A::You're hiding, Jeffrey.  You're hiding from the job and you're hiding from me.
Q::I pulled Mickey and Dreyer off the minimart.
A::Jesus Christ, Louise, we can't leave a crime scene like that.  Put a unit out there.
Q::We're out two minutes, me and Dreyer.
A::Mike found a red pickup abandoned on Flanders.  You see it?
Q::Is my daddy okay?
A::The doctors are taking care of him right now.  Thomas . . . are you safe?  Can you talk?
Q::I don't know what you're talking about.
A::He's going to kill you.  Don't you know that?  He can't take the chance that you'll talk.
Q::Don't be foolish. There's more money to be made here.
A::You want to buy anymore cockroaches ask for Captain Naramunju.
Q::What is it?
A::The rebels have fought their way into the city. They have many Hutu prisoners.
Q::Paul, I need you to buy me a day or two. I don't have the fuel for this convoy. I will have to scrounge it.
A::I can't. I have nothing left to bribe with. Can your men at the gate hold out for another day?
Q::I will see what I can do.
A::I admire you, General. How do you keep command of your men amidst such madness?
Q::Pack those carefully, put them in my jeep, and guard them.
A::Please, General, call and put your policemen back at the gate.
Q::Anderson, Arthurs, Boulier. What is this?
A::The guest list. It hasn't been updated since the murder of the president.
Q::It is dangerous to be here. The radio says this is a nest of cockroaches.
A::I need one last favor. Go back and get the twins.
Q::You could have asked for a favor.
A::No, I could not. What do you know about favors Tatiana, about barter and deals?
Q::Them. They almost got us all killed. I have done enough for them! We cannot look after them anymore.
A::What are you going to do? You cannot drive them out onto the road. They can stay with me.
Q::What is it like to fly on a plane, sir?
A::It depends where you sit Zozo. In coach it is like the bus to Giterama.
Q::Where's housekeeping? They won't pick up.
A::Sir, no one wants to work. They say the boss has left.
Q::Paul. Are you alright?
A::We have a big problem. The Hutu army have come and ordered us all of us out of the hotel.
Q::The staff and guests! How many?
A::Now we have eight hundred guests and one hundred staff. I have ten minutes left.
Q::-- Price killed her, there's no other explanation --
A::-- there's plenty: for all we know, Steven's got her spying on us right now --
Q::Oh, for chrissake --
A::-- uh, excuse me, just one quick question? How long before this damn thing unseals itself?
Q::If there really is someone else in this house, I think the four of us can handle the situation.
A::I think one of you has been part and parcel of making this situation!
Q::-- well, let's hear it for small miracles --
A::-- but I imagine we'll all be mutilated beyond recognition by then.
Q::Don't touch me!
A::I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's ever said those words to anything with genitalia.
Q::-- wit...nesses --
A::-- witnesses to what? You're already dead, Evelyn! Happy Birthday, baby --
Q::First time for everything.
A::I've designed and built six of these places -- take my word for it, everything's fine.
Q::Jennifer-Jenzen-Executive-V.P.- Paragon-Pictures.
A::Very good. Well, I think I can say with complete honesty: I've never heard of any of you.
Q::Pritchett, this "lockdown" thing -- it's gotta have like a master control -- you know machinery, gears, whatever -- somewhere in this place?
A::The basement -- but, believe me, you don't want to go down there.
Q::I have to admit I was skeptical.  Until now.
A::So was I.  The usual investigation turns up nothing more times than not.
Q::Where does this amulet come from?
A::It's origin is unknown.  The symbol does correspond  to a dagger I acquired many years ago.
Q::Well the realtor said that was going to be taken care of and it wasn't.  I'll have to call her.
A::Who knows...  we have to get used to living around here.  Maybe good help is hard to find.
Q::Well it's nice that you were there for her.
A::I took pity on the poor woman. This house is too big for one person to live alone in...
Q::You'd lose the money-shots.  No.  I'll catch a bus.  Or a cab.  Don't worry about it.  Go.
A::OK.  Be careful.  And lighten up.  Story of your life could be right round the corner.
Q::The thing!  He was lying there in the street, moaning.  But he pointed at it ... 
A::Wait a minute.  He was already ... wounded ... when you found him?
Q::Looks like you've been expanding your...
A::Don't say it, Hawkins.  I'm incredibly sensitive about my fucking figure.
Q::The safe's a Simpson 71.  Last time I played the game, Simpson only had a 40.
A::Just means it'll take you an extra 31 seconds to seduce.  You re still the best, I know it.
Q::Attempt, you mean.  The vanity of this man, Hudson Hawk.  The Vatican has foiled the advances of Pirates and Terrorists.  We will not lie down for some schmuck from New Jersey.  Must you flirt with him so realistically?
A::That's the best kind.  A wise woman once said "Polite conversation is rarely either."
Q::Hit me with your best shot.
A::I betrayed a man.  A good man.  An innocent man.  A thief.
Q::Hey, don't take your disguise so seriously.
A::Uh, yeah.  Guess I'm a wee bit nervous.  I'm sorry I could only score clergy passports.
Q::Oh Hudson...
A::I told you not to call me Hudson. The only people who called me that were the nuns at...
Q::Da Vinci made the real directions in a secret script that I decoded. The way the machine is running now, the gold will produce too quickly, clog, and the machine will shut itself down.  Isn't it wonderful?
A::Yeah, but what would happen if that little mirror came out of the crystal.
Q::You're hitting Rutherford's Auction House.  Easy as my brother's wife.  Directions are in the bag.  Just open the seventh floor safe and take out the thingie...
A::Or you cut off my thingie. Directions even your brother would understand.
Q::Hawkmeister, we got you clothes, great hotel, and a 250,000 lira per diem.
A::That's two hundred dollars a day? So he can get a hooker and some tequila.  Veto, Darwin.
Q::Sure.  The Kremlin.  Makes sense. The Kremlin.  Why not?  Listen, this is all too Indiana Jones and the Lost City of King Tut for me, man.  Throw me in jail and go ahead, just try and throw Alex...
A::Jail, you asshole!  Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out!  Bunny, Ball-Ball!
Q::Bunny, not you too?
A::You've got a dilemma, tiger.  I think I know what's going to help you solve it.
Q::Why you don't even know y'own self -- you ain't exactly the genuine article are you, Miss Archuh?
A::Well, in connection with my job, sometimes I have to go undercover as it were --
Q::Yeah, and I'll bet his initials are Sidney J. Mussburger!
A::You've lost it, Aim. You've gone soft by the looks of it -- soft on the dummy from Dubuque --
Q::Hungry, anyway.
A::I don't want to bore you with all the sordid details of my life; it's not a happy story...
Q::Well, I --
A::Oh sure, you're biased -- you're a fellow Muncian. But would an imbecile come up with this?
Q::Well, she probably had a deadline...
A::Sure, but -- she could still have gotten your side for the record!
Q::...Certain people are --
A::Didja ever go to the top of old man Larson's feed tower and look out over the town?
Q::Oh, I don't know. Maybe I was just a fast-talking career gal who thought she was one of the boys --
A::Oh no, Amy, pardon me for saying so but I find that very farfetched.
Q::Terrific.
A::So ya see, I won't be in the mailroom long.
Q::Absolutely, Buzz, I'm glad he --
A::But he told me you stole that swell hoop idea from me. What gives!
Q::No.  She was mindless but not like Miss Jessica.  But the Houngan cured her.
A::Are you trying to tell me that the Houngan -- the voodoo priest -- could cure Mrs. Holland?
Q::But how did you get here? What are you doing here?
A::I asked you to let me explain. It's a long story.  And not an easy one --
Q::The West Indies?
A::A year's contract -- a trip with all expenses paid -- that's not so bad, you know.
Q::Bring me another, Ti-Joseph.  I have to keep the lady entertained.
A::It must be hard work entertaining me if it requires six ounces of rum.
Q::That doesn't sound like him.
A::That's right -- he's playing the noble husband for you, isn't he? That won't last long.
Q::And what is so alarming about the tower, Miss Connell?
A::Nothing -- really.  But you must admit it's an eerie sort of place -- so dark --
Q::I've never given it much thought.
A::Don't.  It will save you a great deal of trouble and other people a great  unhappiness.
Q::I told you.
A::Because you wanted to give my wife back to me?  Why should that mean anything to you?
Q::I can understand that.  Everyone feels that way about someone.
A::No.  It's not just how I felt toward Jessica.  I've been cruel to even you.
Q::You wanted to warn me...
A::The night you came to me in this room -- to comfort me, to help me -- I turned you away.
Q::Don't, Paul -- don't doubt yourself -- don't make me doubt you.
A::I remember words I said to Jessica - words mixed like to poison -- to hurt her, to madden her.
Q::What about her?
A::In view of all the circumstances, the commissioner has decided on a legal investigation.
Q::I've been thinking, Ben, about Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr. Woolens.
A::That shrink -- the one you always wanted me to see? I thought you dropped him.
Q::In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well, I really let him have it!  ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your -
A::Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that.
Q::Talking to me, dad?
A::Who else would I be talking to? And take that thing off!
Q::We don't have to always go to your club, dad.
A::And why are you still calling me dad? You're forty years old already, and --
Q::They need the money for my band uniform at school.
A::I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore.
Q::Oh I thought I'd steal the station wagon, drive up to a commune. Or set the house on fire. You know.
A::Just bundle up. It's supposed to freeze tonight. We'll see you in the morning.
Q::Self-realization. Ministering to help people reach their fullest potential. Would you believe me if I told you I want you to see yourself reach your fullest potential and self-realization?
A::I would say it sounds like you're trying to get me into bed.
Q::I'm afraid she's something of a gossip, isn't she?
A::I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about.  Take care.
Q::You're here... I'm a bit surprised.
A::Sometimes the shepherd needs the company of the sheep.
Q::Arise and shine, young Hood.
A::I hope you changed the water in that bong from last night.
Q::You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon, our leader, all ye need know about the travails of life. Check out the Checkers speech stuff.
A::Francis. You gonna leave the seeds in there? In the binding like that?
Q::Just be careful.
A::You notice anything with Mikey lately? The kid seemed a little out of it tonight, eh?
Q::Frankie opens them with his teeth.
A::Hey, it's a sellable skill.
Q::Yeah.
A::You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you --
Q::Just thought I'd stop by.
A::Mike's out -- I think he went to Silver Meadow to see if you were hanging around there.
Q::He's dead.
A::If it wasn't raining we could take him outside and blow him up.
Q::Thanks.
A::I wish I'd had the chance to get to know him better.  Take him fishing or something.
Q::Oh?
A::Kay Connell had a signed copy of one of your books.
Q::You see the old woman? That will never happen to you. You'll never grow old. You will never die.
A::And it means something else too, doesn't it? I shall never, ever grow up.
Q::It's false light, Lestat. It can't harm you...
A::If you stayed with me Louis, I could venture out... little by little... become the old Lestat.
Q::Get lost, you scared me.
A::Fish are all over the water...Come on, let us take a boat out.
Q::That was heart attack time, Karla.
A::No. When I put these skinny pants on my body...Now, that's heart attack time.
Q::I know I don't want to stay in here.
A::We'll be better off in the open. If we stick together, maybe we can kill this creep for good.
Q::I'm your best friend...You could have told me the truth about what happened. I would've understood.
A::Karla, I just wanted the whole thing to be over. I didn't want to involve anybody else.
Q::The ancient Greeks had just as good an explanation -- that the gods sent the plague to punish mortals for harboring Vrykolaka --
A::They used to believe that sort of thing in the mountain villages. Some still do --
Q::She's right. This is hardly the time to bandy old tales.
A::I have lived long enough to doubt everything -- which is to say, I believe everything, a little.
Q::I suppose you want to hear my prayer to Hermes.
A::I just came to see if your prayer would entertain me as much as my medicine seems to amuse you.
Q::I'm here. The General is here. You are not alone.
A::I must meet him with laughter - with songs and laughter -- to show him I am not afraid --
Q::I'm glad you and the General didn't have to leave us. We would feel quite deserted..
A::How could we go back to the wars with such pleasant company here..
Q::Where's Thea?
A::I think she went to bed  I saw her going toward the house
Q::There's no reason to decide any of us are going to die.
A::If only we could get away - - you and I. The others are strangers, they mean nothing to me
Q::No. No. I won't believe it. He's not dead.
A::This is Dr. Drossos, chief medical officer of my division.
Q::She is not there. The coffin is gone.
A::Maybe you've got the wrong crypt  after all it's twenty years when you wore last here.
Q::I knew that feuds still went on, but I didn't think people like you and the General would be involved.
A::It is more than a feud between two families. He stole my mother away from her people.
Q::I haven't won my wings yet. That's why I'm an angel Second Class.
A::I don't know whether I like it very much being seen around with an angel without any wings.
Q::By letting me help you.
A::Only one way you can help me. You don't happen to have eight thousand bucks on you?
Q::Oh, tut, tut, tut.
A::I found it out a little late. I'm worth more dead than alive.
Q::Oh, no! But, Uncle Billy . . .
A::You can keep him on. That's all right. As secretary you can hire anyone you like.
Q::Oh, Mother, Mother, please help me. Something terrible's happened to me. I don't know what it is. Something's happened to everybody. Please let me come in. Keep me here until I get over it.
A::Get over what? I don't take in strangers unless they're sent here by somebody I know.
Q::Hmmm . . .
A::Can you give me one good reason why you shouldn't call on Mary?
Q::Old Building and Loan pal, huh . . .
A::Now you just turn this way and go right straight down.
Q::All right now, what happened? How did it start?
A::How does anything like this ever start? All I know is the bank called our loan.
Q::Pop!
A::Have you put any real pressure on those people of yours to pay those mortgages?
Q::About what?
A::About coming in. Your mother just phoned and said you were on your way over to pay me a visit.
Q::You could have married Sam Wainwright or anybody else in town.
A::I didn't want to marry anybody else in town. I want my baby to look like you.
Q::The doctor? Was the doctor here?
A::Yes, I called him right away. He says it's nothing to worry about.
Q::Rich people.  Home port is Newport, Rhode Island.
A::If I had a $100,000 boat, I sure as hell wouldn't leave it anchored alone in the channel.
Q::Positive I.D.?
A::The woman passenger on the boat that blew up.
Q::All summer?
A::He wanted a job, he's got one.  I want to see that boat out of the water by tomorrow night.
Q::We're alone.
A::Larry, I don't know how to say this, but I think we got a shark problem. A real one.
Q::Are you serious?
A::Of course.  Look -- I've got some missing persons, fatalities, evidence of a large predator....
Q::Bullshit.
A::Bullshit?  I'll give you bullshit -- there's a dead whale out there with bites all over it!
Q::What's wrong?
A::We're fighting wind and current. I though we'd be out longer, catch the incoming tide.
Q::They're coming with us?
A::We play hide and seek all the time.  They find a lot of things.
Q::Don't think about it.  It's over.
A::It's never over...  Here comes another six years of bad dreams.
Q::What do you mean, we don't?
A::This tooth is from another shark. A shark that could be 30 feet long!
Q::It'll chop up half a million dollars of your tropical fish in two minutes.
A::Calvin, I insist I be allowed to capture it!
Q::Let's hope he knows that.
A::I know it and I will not go down into this lagoon as long as you carry that!
Q::I take out the garbage, because...I'm glad we got that straightened out....
A::We don't have anything straightened out.  You're uptight about something ...what's wrong?
Q::Sweetheart....
A::She could have been killed...You knew and you didn't tell us...You let your mother think....
Q::Give it some time, Ellen...See what happens.
A::Part of me wanted to go off with him, the rest of me couldn't...I don't know why he wants me....
Q::Michael!  This thing working?
A::You rigged it...You spent all that money on an education and you come back looking like this....
Q::You're impossible....
A::They took me to the chief, who took a long look at me, then took me in his hut....
Q::Only if he finds out... It's a short hop to the Caribbean.  We could take a few days....
A::There must be plenty of women who would be glad to go....
Q::I hope she's a good sailor....
A::A shark attacked Thea and some kids...She's going after it....
Q::Mind if I cut in?  Your date's lonely....
A::The world would be a better place if more sons danced with their mothers.
Q::You couldn't find your ass with both hands....
A::You leave me high and dry...You come back looking like a zombie....
Q::He's just trying to keep you from disappearing up your own....
A::You're nothing but a bunch of goddamn romantics.  You're never going to amount to anything.
Q::What for?  We've got a job to finish ...Why are you making the monitor?
A::As the sun slowly sets in the West, we bid a fond farewell to the family of conch....
Q::Okay...we got it together....
A::We have at least three months' work left.  We can't write a report...We don't know enough....
Q::That bad, huh?
A::We're out of decaf...We're out of petty cash...And we're out of requisition forms....
Q::Cow tipping?
A::Claims kids come around at night and tip over his sleeping cows.  They're not giving milk.
Q::Yeah, he can go ...
A::Think I'll lay down with him. Only way I'll get outta here.
Q::You got a quiet phone somewhere?
A::Hey, John, don't start getting antsy over this tonight. It may well have been the local cops?
Q::You're pushing this too hard. It's like you <u>want</u> me to say <u>stop</u>? You must know that's the way this is going, John? There's other work to do, why don't ya ease off a little?
A::Coz this is a major & we're closer to this bastard than anyone's ever been.
Q::Have you been here long?
A::No, just a minute or two .. I knocked on your door - no one home, so I followed the music ..
Q::I suppose I'm the worst witness you've ever had?
A::I gotta admit, you're one of them. Just wish I knew what you meant by a "hollow car?"
Q::You know? How do you know?
A::Coz you hardly said a word since you got here. But you been thinking pretty loud ..
Q::I know.  Sorry I threw a scare into our lives there --
A::Don't worry about it -- I never told you what I thought of that memo either --
Q::Wonder what he said.
A::My favorite aunt is hearing impaired. He said "you complete me." _ 40.
Q::No.  No don't feel like Clarence Thomas.
A::No, I do.  I feel like Clarence Thomas.  I'm like... harrassing you... right now.
Q::Now.  Wait.  You didn't actually sign with Sugar, did you? Tell me you didn't sign.  Because I'm still sort of moved by your "my word is stronger'n oak" thing --
A::We signed an hour ago.  You were in the lobby with the black fella.
Q::At last I find you.
A::Why the fuck am I here?  I feel like I'm five years late for the Prom.
Q::No, I air-dry.
A::Rod, I say this with great respect, but those players you mentioned are marquee players and --
Q::How can I make your life better?
A::I know you say to take the Arizona offer, but my husband needs more recognition.  _ 25.
Q::Marcee, things are changing around here.  You and Rod will have my total personal attention.
A::Damn right, and you can start by taking Rod's poster and putting it where people can see it!
Q::I won't tell.
A::We'll go to the zoo sometime. Okay? I think I might have some time on my hands.
Q::Now go kiss your daddy, quick.
A::That's why they cheer, you know. The white man sending the black man into battle...
Q::ERRR-IIIC!
A::And tell your wife to stop making so much noise! We're food to these damn animals.
Q::Amanda and I, well, we just love the outdoors. Heck we've been on pretty much any adventure tour they can come up with: Galapagos, K2, the Nile...
A::We even have two seats reserved aboard the first commercial moon flight.
Q::That does sound lucky.
A::It was this strap alone that saved my life. Got caught on a rock as I was falling.
Q::Found this, but the battery's dead.
A::It's a wonder you aren't. I'm amazed, Eric. I barely lasted 30 hours. You lasted eight weeks.
Q::I didn't know you -- weren't well.
A::It's the lawyers.  The lawyers are finally killing me.
Q::Are you out of your mind?  I still have nightmares, my reputation's a joke, my leg is shot -- you think I need more of that?
A::It would be the most extraordinary living fossil record the world has ever seen.
Q::How could you possibly?
A::Because you said so.  Maybe nobody else believed you, but I always did.
Q::How close do you have to be?
A::Forty yards.  Less, maybe.  I assume it'll take a slug in the brain case to bring him down.
Q::Can you set up?
A::It has to be temporary, something that'll break apart and fall off as the animal grows...
Q::Ruining everything, that's what they're doing.  You could choke on the diesel smoke already!
A::Ian, nothing we observe will be valid if we're trailing along in the wake of an army.
Q::What?
A::The door security systems are shutting down.
Q::- - shutting down the system is the only way to guarantee wiping out everything he did. If I understand correctly, all the system will come back on their original start-up modes correct?
A::Theoretically, yeah , but we've never shut down the whole system.  It may not come back at all.
Q::And scary.
A::When people try to control things that it's out of their power - -
Q::Unpredictability....
A::And even if we haven't seen it yet, I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now.
Q::Alan?
A::No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle!
Q::Faster, faster!
A::Must go faster, it's getting closer - must go faster!
Q::What works?
A::Phone security systems, everything works.  You ask for it, we got it!
Q::You're right, John.  You're absolutely right. Everything's my problem.
A::I will not get drawn into another financial conversation with you, Dennis.  I really will not.
Q::I don't think there's been any debate.  There's no debate...my mistakes....
A::I don't blame people for their mistakes, but I do ask that they pay for them.
Q::Why didn't I build in Orlando?
A::I'll keep an eye on it.  Maybe it'll swing south like the last one.
Q::You tell them if they come up to seventy-five, I'll cut them in on the Crystal Lake package.
A::Don't tell me you're still thinking of buying Casa de Psycho...
Q::Three.  Where's my client?
A::Your... client is being booked right now. He'll be in cell five.
Q::"Zombie Sluts From Beyond the Grave."
A::A seminal film. First ever depiction of a fully nude triple impalement.
Q::He wets the bed?
A::I always throw that in. It makes the jury feel sorry for the defendant.
Q::Nurses. That's why I went into medicine.
A::This sexual obsession of yours. Have you considered going into therapy yourself?
Q::So Krueger thinks Jason's dead... leaves him in the lake... but the boy actually wakes up on the shore... crawls off into the woods... where he lives the rest of his life alone.
A::Alone... but with a murderous fury inside him... which led him to kill dozens of people.
Q::You know how to use one of those?
A::I used to go hunting with my father when I was a kid.
Q::You work in the insurance department?
A::You have been hearing the sordid side then.
Q::Well, I --
A::Oh, I know you got along with that poor fellow -- what was his name?
Q::What's funny?
A::This morning it was suggested to me that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improving.
Q::I nominated you as a possible candidate.  You were Eduard's good friend.  He read me some of your work.
A::I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from.
Q::That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides.  It leads straight down to the bridge and the River.
A::Burgel hated Eduard.  And me.  I'm sure he knew about us -- and I'm sure it drove him mad.
Q::Gabriela! -- you did get away.
A::I knew you walked this way to work.  I wanted to find you before they did.
Q::Did you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps?
A::No, we said goodbye outside the building.  He went off, as usual, toward his house.
Q::But that's just my point -- she was more than upset, she was livid. She slammed every door on her way downstairs -- except that one.  I was just behind her and I didn't even hear that one <u>shut</u> -- not at all.
A::That's not what I call conclusive evidence of an abduction.
Q::What's the matter with you?
A::I can't make a simple statement without him taking issue with it
Q::Wait a minute.  "Raban?"  Where have I heard that name?
A::He's the clerk who died last week. From the insurance department
Q::What good are records if they're not open for public inspection?
A::These laws have been with us for centuries -- how can you doubt them?
Q::Women are all you have on your mind!
A::She went to the roof to sunbathe one lunch hour -- we watched her changing.
Q::We've been together too long.  His personality is overflowing into mine and vice versa.
A::-- How would <u>you</u> like to be in a horrible situation like that?
Q::Bree -- honey - please, we're waiting for someone.
A::Arlyn, he just wanted to ask some questions -- something you could help us about.
Q::Yes indeed.
A::Look. I almost killed my -- I almost killed someone.
Q::Miss Daniel, be sensible, you find another place till we get things cleaned up.
A::Oh well that shouldn't take you more than another, oh, two and a half or three years, should it?
Q::Why isn't he locked up?
A::We don't want to just lock him up; we want a conviction, we wanted him to do something more.
Q::I got a call from Ross this morning. Cable owned a plot of woodland -- he'd go there on weekends. They found Tom Grunemann's body buried there. They've notified his wife.
A::Oh.  Well it wasn't us city people that did it -- your fine rosy-cheeked country boy.
Q::Well suppose I hadn't come downstairs. Would you just have folded up and sneaked away?
A::No. I was going to come up. I wanted to ask you to marry me. 
Q::All right, suppose it wasn't Tom Grunemann; where does that get you?
A::It's where it doesn't get me. I've got nothing left that connects to anything.
Q::I can't follow you.
A::Will the Company put up five hundred dollars to get Jane McKenna's list of clients?
Q::They tell me you use narcotics. Could I bring someone around to look at your arms?
A::Look -- dad -- I may stand better with the cops than you.
Q::Everybody's got some, I guess.
A::Did he ever mention specifically a girl or woman in New York?
Q::Mr. Kramer, do you ever have sex in here with anyone?
A::Doctor, I attempt to conduct my social life discreetly.  At the moment I am seeing no one.
Q::You forgot the milk.
A::That's right.  You're absolutely right...It's been a long time since I made French toast.
Q::Sustained.
A::Mr. Kramer, isn't it true that you were fired from your last job not more than six weeks ago?
Q::This is an isolated incident, counselor, unless you can prove otherwise.
A::Does the witness deny the injury took place?
Q::Objection!
A::Your honor, I would request a direct answer to a direct question.  Does she have a lover?
Q::Objection, your honor.  The answer is, to be generous, very vague.
A::Can you recall any particular incident that relates to Mr. Kramer's care of his child?
Q::Objection!  Your honor, counsel is raising a question that is not germane to these proceedings.
A::While the child was in the care of the witness, he cut his face badly and is now scarred.
Q::How long was that?
A::We were married two years before the baby.  And then four very difficult years.
Q::Here are the slips for the laundry and the cleaning.  They'll be ready on Saturday.
A::Now listen, before you do something you'll really regret you'd better stop and think--
Q::Look, Ted, I'm the oldest whore on the beat, okay?  Three marriages, two divorces...You're gonna be okay.
A::I'm going to be okay.  The way I see it, Joanna'll come home, it's just a matter of time.
Q::Thel, you ever hear from Joanna?
A::Not for a couple of months. The last time I heard from her she was living in San Francisco.
Q::Ted, what are you talking about?!
A::Don't play innocent with me, Thelma.  You know perfectly well what's going on.
Q::Your father had been very sick.
A::He had been sick from the time you began growing in me. We thought he would die.
Q::Quite simple. Yes. Good.
A::I shall send a letter to America, to the President, informing him of our problem.
Q::It is unlikely. America, perhaps. There is great anti-communist feeling in America.
A::At this point, the most likely result of a foreign pact is war.
Q::Murders and rapes in the cities. People bomb planes... can the police stop them?  <u>No</u>.  But feed one little cow to a crocodile...
A::You're to wait right here until the police show, you're under full house arrest.
Q::Around here.  Yeah.
A::If he's eaten in the area, he shouldn't be far away.  Crocs hang around the food source.
Q::I brought a pork chop, maybe we could hang it around your neck for luck.
A::No thank you, but maybe later you can chew the bark off my big fat log.
Q::Well, you can try talking them into that, if--
A::I have enough flaxedil with me to put him out.  And I think I know a way to--
Q::Where is he?
A::Tranq guns down, rifles up!
Q::What are you doing?
A::Skipping stones.  Look how flat that water is, you can get ten skips on a good one.
Q::Hard to believe there could be a monster under such peacefulness.
A::I thought I might track the shoreline tomorrow, look for prints.
Q::We set?
A::Ready.  A museum in New York sent us some additional back up.
Q::What is with this lake?  It looks black and... there are no waves or anything.
A::They wanted to call it Lake Placid. But somebody said that name was taken.
Q::They don't believe her.
A::Thank you, it's so rewarding to imagine my tax dollar finding its way to you, you Fucker. 
Q::A tooth they say couldn't have come from any bear.  They say it looks prehistoric.  Like maybe a dinosaur.
A::Oh, well then I'm sure that's it, he got killed by a dinosaur, anything else?
Q::Your instructions are what I'm giving you now. Jack Crawford answers to the Director, and the Director answers to me. My God, Crawford's losing it...! He shouldn't even be on this, with his wife sick as she is... How the hell did you get in here, anyway? He gave you - what? Some kind of special ID? Let's have it.
A::I need the ID to fly with my gun. The gun belongs in Quantico.
Q::Mr. Gordon, did you take over this place after Mrs. Lippman died?
A::Yes. I bought the house from her, two years ago.
Q::Yes, well... Okay, right. I'm glad for the chance, sir, but - why me?
A::You're qualified and available. And frankly, I can't spare a real agent right now.
Q::Do you recall my instructions to you, Starling? What were they?
A::To complete and file my report by 0800 Wednesday. But sir -
Q::Okay, Starling. Let's have it.
A::You haven't said a word today about that garage. Or what I found there.
Q::I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I won't disobey orders, not even now.
A::But I just became a private citizen. I can go anywhere I want to.
Q::No. He was strong, he lasted almost a month. My mother - died when I was very young, so my father had become - the whole world to me... After he left me, I had nobody. I was ten years old.
A::You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life.
Q::Dr. Lecter, there's no correlation in the literature between transsexualism and violence. Transsexuals are very passive.
A::Clever girl. You're so close to the way you're going to catch him - do you realize that?
Q::Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson. Very humorous. You like the truth? Try this.  He kidnaps young women and kills them and rips their skin off. We don't want him to do that anymore. If you don't help me, just as fast as you can, then the Justice Department is going to ask publicly for a court order, We'll ask twice a day, just in time for the morning and evening news. And each one of our press conferences will focus on Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins, and how we're still hoping for his cooperation. And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks.
A::It may be that - I could confer with my colleagues on this. And get back to you.
Q::beyond the periphery of men, staring at him.
A::Munro is expecting him to be the good soldier in defense of British military interests.
Q::Colonel Munro sent him. He was one of our Mohawk allies.
A::He is Huron and nothing else.  Why would he want to murder the girl?
Q::Then what?
A::Then we take the south rim down the mountain and it's 12 miles cross country to Fort Edward.
Q::Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood.  It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will be buried.
A::But so many suns have set since Le Renard struck the war post. Is he not tired?
Q::Shut up, all of you.
A::Mr. Beck, the contract states that no body can be disposed of without authorization of---
Q::You let him get away!
A::I ain't doing nothing for that thing without something to defend myself.
Q::I say we should go get in the escape bubbles and get the hell out of here!
A::And hit the surface in the middle of a typhoon?...No, thank you. I'll take my chance down here.
Q::How is he?
A::Sleeping.  No sign of Doc, though.  I'll check the control room.  You look in the shower room...
Q::What is it?
A::The good doctor signed our death warrant.
Q::Are you sure you saw something?
A::How many times I got to tell you.  I saw a ship.
Q::Bitch!  Look what you did!
A::Sorry, darling...Just thought a little humor would loosen us all up...you know?...
Q::When the old bastard is not playing cards he's chasing a thousand debts that ill-fated individuals owe for an array of reasons.
A::Sex and sleaze and antique shotguns are all deep and dear in Harry's stone cold heart.
Q::Antiques? What the fuck do we know about antiques? We rob post offices and steal cars, what the fuck do we know about antiques?
A::If it looks old, it's worth money, simple. So stop fucking moaning and rob the place.
Q::Oh, thanks very much. And there had better be something there for us.
A::It's a fucking stately home, of course there'll be something there.
Q::What can I do for you?
A::You know those shotguns I sold ya, well I need 'em back.
Q::Jesus, I have heard about him.
A::We're in the spite. They were his fucking guns that we sold; we gotta find 'em.
Q::I hope this is the right move.
A::It's either that, my old boy's place, and we lose a digit daily. I am going to call him.
Q::You what? What are you on about?
A::Listen, if he has the guns he might have the money . . . I think we should go and see him.
Q::Well, what did he say?
A::He said he thinks we have paid him, and he wants to talk about those guns . . . now.
Q::The only item that connects us with the crime is sitting in your car which is sitting outside?
A::We paid seven hundred quid for those guns. They could hardly trace them to you, could they?
Q::Well, perhaps I can't, Plank, if you know what I mean.
A::Look, could you just open the door so I could talk without shouting?
Q::Sorry, got to do business like this now; can't be too careful these days.
A::I know.  Now shut it. You say a fucking word the right knee goes, another word then your left.
Q::What's left over?'
A::Hold on, give us half a chance to count it.
Q::That isn't true.
A::Oh, come on--you and Grandma think anybody who works with their hands is a peasant. When Dad--
Q::It's my life. If I want to fuck it up, that's my business.
A::I said pretty much the same thing to my mother when I was your age.
Q::Why do you think they let us in on the "deal"?
A::They got people to fight. Arabs, yellow people, whatever. Might as well use us.
Q::Skinny?
A::We find a body, it's either Skinny or Stinky, depending on how much meat there is on the bones.
Q::Mikey--
A::Her parents acted like I was gonna blow my nose on their curtains--
Q::Yeah. I bet he would.
A::Old Sam stood for somethin', you know? The day that man died they broke the goddamn mold.
Q::You get much of that in here?
A::It's a bar. People come together, drink, fall in love, fall out of love, air their grudges out--
Q::What are you doing out there? Are you crazy?
A::Hay pasado un accidente muy grave-- [There's been a bad accident--]
Q::Dammit, Sam, the people are concerned about crime--
A::We need a drug rehab program, we need a new elementary school--
Q::Imonna find out one way or the other.
A::Your father had the finest sense of justice of any man I ever met--
Q::Don't think the Rangers are likely to find out any more than they already have.
A::Word gets out who that body was, people are gonna think Buddy done it.
Q::How come?
A::Oh, my mother wanted to keep me away from away from boys.
Q::Three months.
A::You stop growing that loco weed at your place, you'd see a lot more daylight.
Q::I thought you got through that pretty well.
A::They cooked the whole thing up without asking me.
Q::From the first time I saw you at school--all those years we were married to other people I always felt like we were connected.
A::I remember thinking you were the one part of my life Buddy didn't have a piece of--
Q::I'm not having any more children. After Amado, I had some complications-- I can't get pregnant again, if that's what the rule is about--
A::If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
Q::White man just using you to keep the Black man down.
A::This isn't Houston, my friend. We pretty much running things now. Our good day has come.
Q::Yeah?
A::You haven't paid the cab.  He won't give us your bags 'til you pay him.
Q::You ever been married?
A::Yeah.  She was killed in a car crash.  Her lawyer was driving. She was filing for divorce.
Q::Are they treating you okay?
A::I heard what happened.  It looks like somebody murdered him.
Q::Tapert.  So, now I've got Tapert, Butterfield.
A::Tapert's got nothing to do with this.  He came here to get his palm read.
Q::I'm going back to New York in--  Shit!  I'm outta here.
A::Have you got a job that'll pay you five thousand a day?
Q::Havanas.  You're not the smoker.  So who is?
A::You could almost pass for a detective, D'Amour.  I work for the best illusionist in the world.
Q::Harry D'Amour.
A::I know all the kids coming up. Got to stay ahead of the game. But I don't know you.
Q::Yeah, they told me.
A::These people are paying you a lot, do you think you could consider it?
Q::Yeah, like...
A::Like you need to admit that losing your parents when you were twelve was traumatic.
Q::Seemed...on edge.
A::On the day of the murders  what did the defendant request?
Q::He asked to go home early.  He said he was bothered by all the people who kept telling him what to do.
A::Tell the jury how many people work in that office with you and Mr. Viznick.
Q::I can take care of myself.
A::I'm gonna go make a stink.  Sit tight. I'll make sure you get a change of clothes.
Q::You're about to become the anti-Christ who is born unholy and becomes the door to eternal suffering in this world.
A::If you or any of your lunatic friends ever come near me again...
Q::Yes, I know.
A::The only baptism he ever performed in seven years as pastor at Bedford.
Q::What can I do?
A::You have to be experienced to do this. Just wait outside. Otherwise, you risk killing him.
Q::But she worships you.  Your mother's dead but your father's alive.
A::Nothing you couldn't find out from reading the papers.  And you're already wrong on one count.
Q::She came to me with a wild story about demonic possession.
A::She's got a juvenile record from New Orleans.  Parents died when she was 13.
Q::Ah, Mom.
A::I'm lucky I found it.  Someone put your box of dresses under a pile of rags in the garbage.
Q::Yeah, you met her?
A::His mother had a cookout a few weeks ago. He could do a lot better if you ask me.
Q::I wasn't Lena.  I didn't care about nail polish or lip gloss or sneaking a spray of your perfume.
A::What was so wrong with wanting to teach you the things I knew could help you?
Q::Because you're pushing me to be something I'm not.
A::So you're angry with me because you're standing here with your hair combed and wearing perfume?
Q::I'm angry because I want a mother, not Martha Stewart.
A::Oh, yes.  The superstar female athlete whose mother is nothing but a housewife.
Q::So you're still breast-feeding?
A::The doctor said it was okay.  Anyway, I'm still trying to lose some of this baby fat.
Q::...we moved back here when Quincy was about five, after Zeke was traded. Neighborhood was a little more mixed back then...
A::Until the Black family down the street became the Black family next door.
Q::Quincy, word has it you might make the jump the NBA.
A::Don't go starting rumors, Jim.  My son's college bound with or without basketball.
Q::I never knew a girl that could play.
A::My Mom says she doesn't know where I come from 'cause I act different.
Q::he's just playing, Q...
A::You think for once we could talk about something besides basketball?
Q::You forgot to be there.
A::That night you wanted to talk about your Dad I had a curfew.  What was I supposed to do?
Q::I heard enough.
A::What I'm trying to say is, I've loved you since I was eleven and the shit won't go away.
Q::We haven't talked since college and now you wait two weeks before my wedding to say something like this?
A::I know, I probably should have said it two weeks ago.
Q::I'm not gonna get anywhere punching a clock just so my wife doesn't get an attitude.
A::I came second to the NBA.  I'm not about to come second to this bullshit scouting job.
Q::Look, I'm busy.
A::I can see that.  I know things look pretty bleak right now, but you can't get down on yourself.
Q::Good.
A::Quincy.  I know you left school early to throw your middle finger up at me.
Q::Your teeth are straight.
A::I need corrective oral surgery. I need the braces.
Q::Well I don't want to order anything, you see. I have a situation, a situation just come up that's really pretty serious and I'm not sure who I should talk to or what I should do but could you maybe put me in touch with the right person if I explain myself?
A::I'm really only equipped to take orders --
Q::What do you want? Why are you here?
A::I'd like to talk to you.  Your boyfriend let me in, I just knocked on the door --
Q::Why not?
A::I've never found someone really that I think I would like to go out with.
Q::It's ok --
A::We gotta get his money so we can get outta here -- we gotta --
Q::Put me on the payroll, find out, find out wassup --
A::You don't just sign up to be a police officer -- it's about three years of training -- ok?
Q::Oh, you're a rapper, huh?  You got a record contract?
A::Not yet -- "give you the clue for the bust if you show me some trust --"
Q::I paid you back.
A::Two years! Two years later and out of your paycheck, I never charge interest --
Q::This is the number for Hospice. Ok. Now. As far as the morphine pills go, there is something else to consider that can take the pain away that he is in, there is a very strong and very potent solution of liquid morphine....it's a little bottle, with an eye dropper and it's easy to get in his mouth and drop on his tounge and it will certainly diminish the pain that he is in but you have to realize that once you give it to him; there really is no coming back, I mean, it will certainly cure his pain, but he will float in and out of consciousness, even worse than he is now, Linda.  I mean, any sign of the recognizable Earl will pretty much go away --
A::-- how the fuck can I say anything to that -- I don't know what to say to that --
Q::And do good things with her...share the thing...all that bullshit is true, y'know...find someone and hold on all that...Where's Linda?
A::She went out.  She said she went out to run some errands.  She'll be back.
Q::...cocksucker....
A::How come every word you say is either "cocksucker," or "shitballs," or "fuck?"
Q::I am calm.
A::I got a call to this apartment, report of a disturbance --
Q::There's no disturbance.
A::I got a call of a disturbance, you're door was open, I just wanna see what's goin' on --
Q::Yeah. Yes.
A::You're making me feel so dirty and shitty. I feel like a big piece of shit right now.
Q::Will you say my name?
A::If she asks me any question I want to tell her.  I want to tell her everything I've done.
Q::I'm asking you.  I'm asking you if you know why Clauida will not speak to you....please, Jimmy....tell me.
A::I think that she thinks I may have molested her.
Q::Yes you do.
A::Stay here, please don't leave me, please, please, if I said I knew would you stay?
Q::What does that mean?
A::The money would go to Frank.  The court would put the money in the hands of a relative --
Q::-- that can't happen.  Earl doesn't want him to have the money, the things.
A::-- unless Frank is specifically ommitted as a beneficiary that's what will happen.
Q::This is so over-the-top and fucked-up I can hardly stand it.
A::Linda, you just have to take a moment and breath and one thing at a time --
Q::Why the hell do you need all four bags of books to go to school each day?
A::I can't carry all of them. I need them. I need my books. I need them to go to school.
Q::I am King, Mother!  And I do not wish to discuss this with you.
A::He was my blood -- and I demand to know what happened to him.
Q::Tonight!  Right now!  We steal a man from a royal prison, we hide in a country chateau among an assortment of saints and sluts such as only you could provide, and still you wish to tell me nothing?!
A::You seek facts, when it would be better to seek truth.
Q::Look at us.  We are old men now.  But once we were young.  And when we saw injustice, we fought it.
A::We have grown wiser with age.  Now we know that some problems cannot be settled with a sword.
Q::I have heard many confessions, d'Artagnan.  But even if I were not a priest, I could tell your heart has a secret weight, and it is hurting you to carry it alone.
A::The secret I carry I cannot share. Not even with God.
Q::You knew this was happening.  You knew and that's why you came.
A::I fear I know our King.  I came to try to bring you hope.
Q::What hope is there?  A wartime commission cannot be vacated except by the king, and what chance is there of that?  Fromberge is on the battle line, and Raoul --
A::I have dispatches a message to Fromberge requesting that Raoul be kept far from the fighting.
Q::It is honor you serve, and when the king is dishonorable you are removed from your oath of honor!
A::An oath is an oath precisely because it cannot be removed!
Q::Betrothed?  I think not.
A::In his mind, anyway, and soon enough in hers.  She had written him many letters of love.
Q::Wait.  Bargain me to Louis, for all your lives.  You have done your best.  Let me go, and let all of you find peace.
A::No.  Even if I could give up my friends, I could never give up my son.
Q::Cowards!  Twenty run from four?!
A::The corridor nullifies our number... And no one has stomach to fight the Captain.
Q::What can I do for you?
A::Your department contacted our agency regarding information on Sarah Williams.
Q::Yeah?
A::Her prints belong to Stephanie Field, convicted for soliciting two years ago.
Q::What?  Wait a minute -
A::That's not all.  According to the computer - she died of a drug overdose last year.
Q::Did you read today's paper?
A::No Zydowski I didn't read today's paper - it's just going to irritate the hell out of me.
Q::Speak of the devil.
A::They found the getaway Mercedes a parking garage north of Venice. It checks out.
Q::Long gone, huh?
A::I asked him not to tell me where he was going.  I told him I don't want any part of it.
Q::Oh yeah?  You're a smart man?...
A::Yeah, and that's all I'm going to say. If you want to arrest me, go ahead...
Q::I'll take you.
A::No, thanks. I manage very well.  I'll order you twelve hundred feet: of 1000 C tomorrow.
Q::How did you come to Gateway?
A::They had to shape up their employment practices to keep this defense contract.
Q::Okay.
A::We're looking for Graham. The man the book is supposed to go to is a Mr. Will Graham.
Q::Talk to them a few minutes and you can tell they don't have the capacity to even understand what's going on. Do you?
A::You tell me what you know about him. I'll tell you whether you're right or not.
Q::Thanks for the lift.
A::I'll come inside with you, if you like, but Mr. Crawford said you'd probably want to be alone.
Q::How did it happen?
A::Hobbs was insane. He was attacking college girls and he killed them.
Q::Of course, you don't.  I'm glad you came. My callers are all professional. Clinical psychiatrists from cornfield colleges somewhere. Second-raters, the lot.
A::Dr. Bloom showed me your article on surgical addiction in the journal of Clinical Psychiatry.
Q::Pray tell.
A::I thought you might be curious to find our if you're smarter than the person I'm looking for.
Q::So how can I help you...?
A::I wanna go back to work and put on a happy show.  The best show anybody's ever seen!
Q::Don't be ridiculous.
A::We're going to kill him.  Do you understand that?  He's going to die just like the others.
Q::No!  I don't believe it!  It's not possible!
A::I didn't say that it would be easy, Neo.  I just said that it would be the truth.
Q::If you are killed in the Matrix, you die here?
A::The body cannot live without the mind.
Q::What happened?  What did you see?
A::A black cat went past us and then I saw another that looked just like it.
Q::What is it?
A::A deju vu is usually a glitch in the Matrix.  It happens when they change something.
Q::Zion?
A::If this war ended tomorrow, Zion is where the party would be.
Q::It's a city?
A::The last human city.  The only place we got left.
Q::Operator.
A::Tank, I need a pilot program for a military M-109 helicopter.
Q::'Art thou the King of the Jews'?
A::'Dost thou say this of thyself, or have others told thee of me?'
Q::Look...I don't know.  What am I supposed to be, his keeper or something?  Yeah, he's supposed to be here but who knows what goes on in his head.  Right?
A::I'd like to know Charlie, it looks like your little friend is trying to duck me...
Q::He could at least show some respect and show his face, even if he doesn't have the money...
A::'Amen I say to thee, thou wilt not come out from it until thou hast paid the last penny.'
Q::Sorry, but I like the way he looks and talks to me.  And vice versa. Okay?
A::No, not okay.  I thought we had a good thing going here.  It shows you never know.
Q::What are their feelings?
A::If I read this Board right now, they want you to accept Bontecou's offer.
Q::I don't know where you get that idea -- the Board agreed --
A::The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all.
Q::That's very gracious of you, Quince.
A::No problem.  I'll leave you two alone.  I can tell you guys have something on the fire --
Q::Did I say that?
A::And I said you'd have a hard time finding a woman like that.
Q::Truly - uh - splendid.
A::Glad you like it.  My wife turned me onto cold lamb sandwiches.  Joan -- that was my wife --
Q::Yes, I saw you see me.
A::Well, you're at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong woman.
Q::I love her, Bill.  She is all that I ever wanted, and I've never wanted for anything because I've never wanted anything before, if you can understand.
A::How perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it pleases you.  It's not love --
Q::Susan, you're a hell of a woman. You've got a great career, you're beautiful --
A::And I'm your daughter and no man will ever be good enough for me.
Q::You know him?
A::No. But the photo on his license looked familiar. I think he's been in the bar before
Q::How do I know he did that to you?
A::I came to you straight after he did it. I showed you what he'd done and asked for your help.
Q::What does he want?
A::Wants to know what happened to Jimmy. And his money. He thinks I have it. He thinks I took it.
Q::I'm not interested in the company position, Mr. Shelby. I want to know your honest opinion about Sammy.
A::We shouldn't even be talking this way while the case is still open to appeal.
Q::Guys who'll come after her. Guys who'll want to know what happened to her boyfriend. They'll want to make somebody pay. Maybe she'll try and make it you.
A::Yeah, well maybe she'll make it you. Is that it? You worried she'll use me against you?
Q::Why?
A::How long do you think you can hang around here before people start asking questions?
Q::Like you've told yourself. Over and over. Conditioning yourself to believe. "learning through repetition" -
A::Sammy let his wife kill herself! Sammy ended up in an institution - !				    *
Q::Sammy was a con man. A faker.
A::I never said he was faking! I never said that!
Q::Just came in.  She's still alive.
A::Safe house is empty...  Air Support's set to jump when we know your drop point.  Gina?
Q::So...?
A::Meth precursors and the Dutch party favors are en route.
Q::I got the item.
A::And our friend don't like the rest of the people bringin' the merch to you.
Q::What if I pushed to twenty-one...?
A::I would say you're...  ...four percentage points away from a deal...
Q::He didn't.  Interrogation's not in our skill set.  So c'mon, what suspicions have you master-minded off these associations?
A::Here's what this is...ask how much they want to turn back to us our load...
Q::Meet and greet.  "I flash you some of mine, you flash me some of yours?"
A::And the deal goes down at another place at another time.
Q::Control your men.
A::I'm my <u>own</u> man.  And anytime you want to see how much man I am?
Q::I walk into Neptune's house...very nice.  But I also see you... and our drugs that got ripped from Maguda.
A::You don't like us finding your load?  We can go and lose it all over again...
Q::You ain't coming to work?
A::Don't guess. Just come for my day's pay owing and to tell you I'm heading East.
Q::You ain't got a chance in hell. You need threads and glitter, baby. A front, hey?
A::Well, uh, my manager's gonna manage all that crap, or else he gonna get a coconut up his flue.
Q::Get lost.
A::I agree. And for that service I charge one dollar taxi fare.
Q::Yes.  I think so.
A::Good.  Would you go back to the Pudding Shoppe now and point him out to my men if you see him?
Q::You know I have lectured at the University of Maryland in your country?  Also University Michigan Very nice country. We both go back. 
A::If I get bail, Mister Yesil, they say it's easy to cross the border into Greece?
Q::Lawyers?
A::Yeah... there's no straight lawyers in Turkey... They're all bent bent as hairpins...
Q::Is there a switch?
A::Third rail is dead.  Get me up.  There must be a manual override in the booth.
Q::Well...  ...maybe it takes time to get the hang of it.
A::I could give you a couple of hundred pages of mine, and you could tell me what you think.
Q::Must get lonely, living out here all by yourself.
A::I always say if you can't enjoy your own company, you're not fit company for anyone else.
Q::...it's like a visit from my oldest, dearest friend.
A::I was supposed to be home for her birthday three days ago.
Q::Misery's Return?
A::I know you didn't mean it when you killed her, and now you'll make it right.
Q::It'll only take a second.
A::I want my pain to go 'way, Annie-- make it go 'way, please Annie--  --please...
Q::Paul, it's not worthy of you. Throw it all out except for the part of naming that gravedigger after me. You can leave that in.
A::I really value your criticism, but maybe you're being a little hasty here.
Q::Virginia, when you're in this car, you're not my wife, you're my deputy.
A::Well, this deputy would rather be home under the covers with the Sheriff.
Q::Virginia, I'm flattered you think I got that much energy. I just figured if I can't find Paul Sheldon, at least I can find out what he wrote about.
A::What do you expect to find? A story about a guy who drove his car off a cliff in a snowstorm?
Q::You wouldn't happen to remember if Miz Wilkes bought one, would you?
A::Are you kidding? Every time that fella writes a book, she makes me set aside the first copy.
Q::On what.
A::How hard you had to work to get me out of there..how in the world did you ever find me?
Q::Bellerophen?  No time at all once I've got it.
A::Good.  Biocyte stock is just a week or two away from going through the roof.
Q::So Ambrose has Bellerophon and McCloy's got Chimera.
A::There guys are walking around with different halves of the same dollar bill?
Q::The only other spook I knew was a liar. Charming but absolutely incapable of telling the truth.  He'd lie about his favorite color.  But then I reckon it's an occupational hazard.  All spies really do is conceal the truth and tell lies.
A::Not revealing information doesn't necessarily make someone a liar.
Q::No.
A::Then you'll have to kill me before it's too late.  Before I start killing people.
Q::Whatever Nekhorvich was carrying Sean wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact that he took it.
A::Enough to kill Nekhorvich and two hundred innocent passengers?
Q::And then what?
A::Then makes sure she continues to see him. Gets him confide in her and report to you.
Q::She's got no training for this kind of thing.
A::Go to bed with a man and lie to him? She's a woman.  She's got all the training she needs.
Q::Now how to get in there.
A::No garage entrance.  Lobby's protected by five guards on rotating patrol.
Q::You still don't get it, do you?  You want to make an omelet, you break a few eggs - <i>I needed to know just how bad the disease was</i> - in the real world, not the lab.  And you never know til you try.  You thought you were genetically splicing together strains of influenza to create a cure for all influenzas.  But I saw you creating a disease so terrible in <i>Chimera</i> that the cure would be priceless.
A::You wanted the disease in order to peddle the cure.
Q::Well, the thought had occurred to me.  I needed Chimera in order to peddle Bellerophon.  For hero to be appreciated, you need a monster. Now that's not so difficult to understand, is it?  Look, time was a shot of penicillin could knock off every bloody bug in the zoo!  Not anymore!..have you any idea the R&D money it takes to float one little pissy boutique antibiotic that's barely effective against one strain of one bacterium?  If I couldn't makes money killing the microscopic little shits that are out there, you'd help me put one out there I can make on!..there it is.  I've confessed.  I, John C. McCloy, am in business to make money.  Lilly's making billions feeding Prozac to depressed dogs.  Pfizer doesn't even know where to put the money they're making on Viagra, and let me tell you that shit didn't do a thing for me even at twice the recommended dose, Jesus, who do I have to screw to get a a break!..now get me out of here, get me treated and let's go back to work!..
A::You know, I think it's a little late for that.  Do give my regards to Gradski if you see him.
Q::We've lost enough agents for one night.
A::You mean <u>I've</u> lost enough agents for one night.
Q::What makes you trust me?
A::Because if you knew what you were getting into, you never would have done it.
Q::It's quite out of the question.
A::The disk Job sold you is worthless.  It's bait, part of an internal molehunt.
Q::Jack's pinned down Sarah.  Should be a second.  Keep dancing.
A::We were forced to tie him to my best stallion and drag him around the barn a few times.
Q::- but you left before I could get there and I could check just so many places..
A::Yeah, smaller countries don't computerize customs records -
Q::Jim, its over.
A::Ethan - Ive always taught you, nothing can be more dangerous than the truth.  It can kill you.
Q::The Shawfish?
A::Just across the bay, at the fuel depot. The men wanted to try to get home. I can't explain.
Q::Yeah, this is Ronny.
A::I'm calling for your brother Johnny. He's getting married and he wants you to come.
Q::Loretta.
A::I want to cut you open and crawl inside of you. I want you to swallow me.
Q::Yeah.
A::I'll take care of it, Johnny. I'll take care of the whole thing. All you have to do is show up.
Q::I don't wanna talk about it.
A::Just like your father. I lied to him. He thinks you came home last night.
Q::Don't fight.
A::My granddaughter wants my son to pay for the wedding. But he does not want to pay.
Q::Yes?
A::Could you do away with her dinner, and any evidence of her, and bring me an big glass of vodka?
Q::Sheila? Yes she was. Is. Was.
A::There's old saying my mother told me. Would you like to hear it?
Q::You've got two empty halves of coconuts and you're banging them together.
A::So?  We have ridden since the snows of winter covered this land, through the kingdom of Mercea.
Q::Oh!
A::We shall say Ni! again to you if you do not appease us.
Q::All right!  All right! ... No more, please.  We will find you a shrubbery ...
A::You must return here with a shrubbery or else ...  you shall not pass through this wood alive!
Q::Oh, Knights of Ni, here is your shrubbery.  May we go now?
A::That is a good shrubbery.  I like the laurels particularly - But there is one small problem.
Q::What word?
A::I cannot tell you.  Suffice to say is one of the words the Knights of Ni! cannot hear!
Q::You didn't bother to find out, did you?
A::I've said I'm sorry about the old woman, but from the behind you looked ...
Q::Herbert.
A::Herbert ...  We built this castle on a bloody swamp, we need all the land we can get.
Q::Make sure the Prince doesn't leave this room until I come and get him.
A::Not ... to leave the room ... even if you come and get him.
Q::Well ... yes ... but I hadn't realised ...
A::I knew that someone would come.  I knew ... somewhere out there ... there must be ...
Q::Stop saying the word!
A::Stop saying the word!  The word we cannot hear!  The word ...
Q::Won't you give yourself a rest, John? She's other people to look out for her.
A::She needs me, Archie.  She canna do without me, she said it to my face.  How can I stop now?
Q::Mother....
A::... Least of all my son.  It was his irresponsibility that drove my husband to his grave.
Q::Awaiting my orders.
A::You do not report for duty unless the Queen requests it.  You know that very well.
Q::Nobody has any rights over me.
A::We are all of us subject to forces beyond our control, Mr Brown, even you.
Q::You sent for me.
A::I've been called back to London.  My last day.  I thought I might take a walk on Lochnagar.
Q::She'll think I betrayed her.
A::But others will know that you acted for the greater good.
Q::Duty?!  You talk about duty?!
A::If duty and safety are served by the same end then, aye, I do.
Q::Surely, you're not suggesting we dispense--
A::My dear Stanley, a Prime Minister with only a handful of friends must respect public opinion.
Q::Forgive me, Your Majesty.  In no way did I wish to suggest--
A::I will not tolerate anybody lecturing me about the responsibility of the monarchy....
Q::He appears to be ... standing by his horse.
A::I made no request to go out riding today.  How long has he been there?
Q::What do they want?
A::They are demanding the dismissal of John Brown on grounds of drunkeness.
Q::Then why are you not with him?
A::You ordered all members of the Royal Family to attend you at Balmoral.
Q::What do you mean?
A::It's a tough game.  Hard to pin that bastard down.  Keeps on changing the rules.
Q::What did I say?
A::That a man's attitude determines to a large extent how his life will be.
Q::Yes...what is it?
A::I'm sorry Mr. Kesher, but there seems to be some problem concerning your credit card.
Q::... What??
A::The fact is Mr. Kesher a representative of your bank called us.
Q::Have many famous actors and actresses lived here? I was meaning to ask you that.
A::Honey, all the great ones came through here at one time or another.
Q::What is it Rita?
A::I'm...I'm... oh no... I thought when I woke up... I thought sleep would do it ...
Q::That's where I was going... Mulholland Drive.
A::Maybe that's where the accident was. There must be a police report. We could call.
Q::No.... I don't...
A::We could call anonymously from a pay phone... just to see if there was an accident.
Q::Nice wallets.
A::Handstitched Italian. Filled with phony credit cards ... off the two guys in the Caddy.
Q::There's enough force to push you twenty feet in the air. It won't kill you, but it will hurt.
A::You have issues. I mean you have some serious issues that need to be ironed out.
Q::So where does this lead ?
A::No where. We've got about seven minutes before this thing slams into a concrete wall.
Q::Where ?
A::In the jail cell is a spiral staircase. It leads to the surface. Take it all the way up.
Q::Never underestimate a man who cheats on his taxes. His file says he is an avid jogger.
A::You've got to be kidding me ! His lazy ass couldn't win the special Olympics.
Q::Hand me the 3/8ths.
A::Here. Am I ever going to get to run the controls for one these capers ?
Q::Trust is earned not given away.
A::RESPECT is earned not given away, trust is given away to anybody.
Q::Yeah, maybe.... Let's start the background checks. Let's see where they live and what kind of security systems....
A::Matthew lives on the Upper West Side, kinda posh for a temp don't you think ?
Q::Any priors ? Any police record ?
A::Checking..... Hah ! He has a shit load of unpaid parking tickets...
Q::And how much do we pay you annually ?
A::I make roughly four hundred thousand a year.
Q::Have you ever considered running your own "Park" ? I mean, since you will not be returning to your former profession.
A::I didn't think even this company could afford to write off enough to build a new "Park".
Q::So who are these people with the Boss ?
A::Just a temp who pissed me off and a girl who turned me down for the night of her life.
Q::Come on, I'm serious. Look at Wilma. She's this frail little thing, and Fred, I mean Fred Flintstone is this BIG guy. He has to be hung like a horse, and THAT's why Wilma puts up with his B.S.
A::I've never heard the Flintstones reduced to a sexual exploitation quite like that. You're funny.
Q::Put that down, I'll...I'll call the police!
A::What are you gonna do? Tell them that...a polite person helped carry your bag?
Q::You're passing up Archie Bunker to go bowling, you've gotta have an angle.
A::No, I just thought it'd be nice if the two of us had an evening out so we could... talk.
Q::Maybe I should just move to China. One kid per family, that way you don't lose your room.
A::Hey, why don't you just keep your room and we'll put the baby in the back yard.
Q::I don't know if I want to.
A::Vada I wanna ask you a favor, remember you can absolutely say no if you want to.
Q::Oh, she's fine, she'll love her new room.
A::Look we react to every kick this baby gives, maybe Vada's trying to tell us something too.
Q::So she had you in jail, in Russia?
A::Well actually I was born in Siberia and then they shot her and sent me home to my Dad.
Q::You know I've been re-reading Virginia Woolf, I think she'd be a natural for you, she led a fascinating life.
A::Thanks, but I think I'm gonna stick to my mom, she led a fascinating life too.
Q::Does it work?
A::Well, it doesn't open cans or anything but it...it's sort of a reminder of a friend of mine.
Q::I'm not gonna break it, I just wanna see it change colors.
A::I want it back now. I never should have taken it off, I want it back.
Q::Hey look!
A::This is a totally barbaric custom.
Q::Marriage can really complicate things. So, aren't you gonna say anything about my earrings?
A::I already did, it's a totally barbaric custom...but on you, it looks good.
Q::Do you think I should tell my dad about Jeffrey Pommeroy?
A::I don't know, he's got an awful lot on his mind right now.
Q::Wait, are you saying that I don't appreciate?
A::I'm saying he asked me out for coffee, like a real date, when was the last time you did that?
Q::I'm just tired.
A::All right, well get to bed early and don't let anybody in. Bye.
Q::Let's just say I...eh...I'm involved.
A::Where I come from, involvement...generally calls for a substantial piece of jewelry.
Q::Wanna play?
A::No, I gotta go to the cemetery, keep your head up. Don't look at the ball, look at me.
Q::I think she looks nice! Her lips are very thin so I used the gloss to give them a more sensual quality, and her eyes just needed a little definition, and her hair, I'm sorry, nobody wears this hairdo anymore in 1972.
A::She did. This photo was taken a month ago at the church food drive.
Q::I don't think so, I think she's confused about death.
A::She was raised in a funeral home, she knows a thing or two about it.
Q::No, why?
A::I don't know, tonight you just seemed a little cool, not opening car doors and...
Q::Yes she is, but she's very upset, so she's not seeing anyone.
A::Oh, I'm Judy, I go to school with her, I wanted to tell her I'm sorry about Thomas J.
Q::What do you get for that?
A::Me, two hours a week, talking about poetry. This an interrogation Vada?
Q::It's okay sweetheart.
A::I'll pay it back, besides, I don't think i'll ever go to class again.
Q::Long trip.  Pretty nice of you to come.
A::Well, I'm close to her.  I wanted to meet the one that got away.
Q::What?
A::I'm just glad someone finally put this thing in its proper perspective.
Q::I thought Michael was picking me up.
A::I told him, get the important stuff, Kim's ring.  I'll collect the inconsequentials.
Q::I had the craziest dream last night?  Walter and Kimmy had asked your boss to...
A::Look, I came down here to face everybody.  I didn't want to slink away like some coward...
Q::I mean, do you realize what you've... well, of course you realize, that's why you're confessing, I mean... I mean... how could you do that?
A::I didn't know it would get sent.  I just wanted you to... get mad at Kimmy... and...
Q::He never mentioned that.  Neither did y...
A::... and public relations is a big problem area for him.
Q::Maybe it's happy there.
A::Oh the way out of the crab house? We asked Michael if we could see the ring?
Q::You know anything about the stations here?
A::It's hard to say. Doctors thought she'd come home a week ago. All it was was appendix.
Q::Naw, she don't mind.
A::Grace. I'd like to talk to you about your murdered brother Tim, if you feel up to it.
Q::Looked like an interview to me.
A::I said we'd give you an interview. I never said we wouldn't kill you.
Q::Who is we?
A::The prison board and the doctors who examined them.
Q::Who's the song bird?
A::Mickey's better half herself. Mallory Knox. This little lady drowned her father in a fish tank.
Q::Looks like we got a Mexican standoff.
A::Slide the shotgun over here, put your hands behind your head, put your forehead on the floor.
Q::Or what? You'll wound me? I can blow you in half and you know it.
A::I've never wounded anything in my life. I got you locked right between the eyes.
Q::Was what worth it?
A::Was massacring all those people worth being separated from your wife for the rest of your life?
Q::Since he and his wife have been in custody, they've killed---
A::Don't recite the fact to me. I'm sure I know 'em better than you do.
Q::Why don't we make it three deputies and you?
A::Why don't I have Mickey thrown back into his cell and we can forget the whole thing?
Q::Yeah.
A::Now, if you want to work like a real nigger, you can always go out and chop cotton.
Q::Not here, Duff.
A::I get it.  Yeah, I can see your old man with a shot-gun right now.
Q::How 'you gonna live?
A::I can always chop cotton if I have to.  If you want a ride, I'll take you home.
Q::Beck's just put us on standby for crisis entry.
A::That's not the play.  Omar'll get a shot off.  I can still talk to him, Nate, I just need time.
Q::You're hurt...
A::It's nothing. C'mon... we've got to transfer those funds and get the hell out of here.
Q::What you lookin' for, mon?
A::A place to tap in. I can scramble that signal before this place is crawling with guardsmen.
Q::Are you sure you're up to this, Mr. Case? We could reconvene tomorrow.
A::You've got an expensive razor girl on me for a reason. I'd like to hear what it is.
Q::Yeah, well it's working.
A::Stick with her. I want the process to become second nature to you. We fly for Freeside at dawn.
Q::What are you talkin' about?
A::I'll let it access me. That'll give you a free shot. Make it a good one. Dix.
Q::It'll flatline your ass.
A::Not for long. It needs me alive and I still need its access code. You got a better idea?
Q::Fifty-seven minutes twelve seconds.
A::Not good enough, man. They planted something inside me. I'm on my own countdown.
Q::This thing's loaded with internal virus systems. You'll fry like an egg in there.
A::Then I'll fry taking this son of a bitch out. I'm making the run, Dixie.
Q::Oh, man! Who told?
A::Roger in Op/Ed. Don't make me send you another memo about my policy on inter-office dating.
Q::Forget it.
A::I swear to God, Jos. When is the last time you went on a real live date?
Q::You guys--what is the one thing that could ruin my senior prom?
A::That you would trip on your Barbie heels and I'd get named prom queen?  Did I say that out loud?
Q::That'll teach me to wear white after Labor Day.
A::Umm- I don't think you're supposed to wear white jeans after 1983.
Q::You've done five of my ideas.
A::You know what separates us office flunkies from the reporters?
Q::What if I say no?
A::I bet Good Housekeeping would go gaga over the cole slaw piece.
Q::You're afraid of the Ferris wheel.
A::Actually, it's more the plunging head first into the crowd part that gets me.
Q::That is so sad --
A::I know, like five chickens had to die just so she could look that stupid.
Q::Into our group.
A::It's really hard to do. Some kids try for all of-high school and never make it.
Q::Hey Monty--you think we'll get any business today?
A::I'm handing out a free lei to every customer! What do you think?
Q::"March 7th - Glen asked me to sleep with him again.  I can't yet - I like him, I want to make him happy but I'm not sure that I love him. I can't sleep with someone I don't love."
A::That's typical.  I hope she didn't expect to make the best seller list with this thing.
Q::Oh, Christ, you're hurt...
A::I killed Grady.  I killed Grady, Lisa. I killed Schneider.  Oh my God, he's inside me...
Q::What's so funny?
A::We must look like a couple of escapees from a veterans' hospital.
Q::Yeah, I'm fine.  Just really hot upstairs.
A::I know it's warm...  I wish you'd call someone to check out the air conditioning, Ken.
Q::Did she always have nightmares?
A::They've gotten worse since I took away her credit cards.
Q::That was different.
A::You never lose a gift like that.  You just forget how to use it.  How about it?  Will you try?
Q::Kristen, can you pull us out?
A::They sedated me.  We're stuck here till it wears off.
Q::Max, where's Kristen?
A::She's been waiting outside your office since breakfast.
Q::That's right.
A::You want me to prescribe an experimental psychoactive drug to a bunch of suicidal teenagers?
Q::Just until we get things under control.
A::Dream deprivation is nothing to fool around with.  you have no business taking it yourself.
Q::The question is, what happened to Freddy's body?
A::They burned him to death in his boiler room, but they were smart enough to hide the remains.
Q::Freddy.
A::The bastard son of a hundred maniacs. Some say he was murdered, though no body was ever found.
Q::What did you think?
A::Frankly, I don't understand why some grad school superstar is being treated like a seasoned pro.
Q::Good.  You conquer the demon, but your horse is sinking in the bog.  What do you do?
A::I go to bed and get a new horse in the morning.
Q::And then I... right.
A::Who was that rather difficult chap you were talking to on the way up?
Q::Oh hi.  It's William Thacker.  We, ahm I work in a bookshop.
A::You played it pretty cool here, waiting for three days to call.
Q::And the pregnancy thing -- is that to do with the accident?
A::You know, I'm not sure.  I don't think they'd tried for kids before, as fate would have it.
Q::I don't know what happened.
A::I do.  Your furry friend thought he'd make a buck or two telling the papers where I was.
Q::You're right: of course, you're right. It's just that I've dealt with this garbage for ten years now -- you've had it for ten minutes.  Our perspectives are different.
A::I mean -- today's newspapers will be lining tomorrow's waste paper bins.
Q::Excuse me?
A::Well, you know -- it's just one day. Today's papers will all have been thrown away tomorrow.
Q::But yesterday... that actor asked you who I was... and you just dismissed me out of hand... I heard -- you had a microphone... I had headphones.
A::You expect me to tell the truth about my life to the most indiscreet man in England?
Q::Well, yes -- usually -- I'd just changed to go home -- but I thought I'd just deal with this final call.
A::Oh great.  Could you do me a favour and try to get us some really cold water up here?
Q::But it's not for the shop.  It's for you.
A::Okay.  Tell me, would I have to pay a wet rag as much as I pay you?
Q::I actually tried that tack -- but she said you said that before and it's been twenty-four hours, and her foot that was purple is now a sort of blackish color...
A::Okay -- perfect timing as ever -- hold the fort for a second will you, Martin?
Q::Even he.  Hey, you couldn't help me with an incredibly important decision, could you?
A::This is important in comparison to, let's say, whether they should cancel third world debt?
Q::Was it you?
A::I suppose I might have told one or two people down the pub.
Q::Yes, Mister Harding?
A::Is it true McMurphy killed two attendants and escaped yesterday?
Q::You mean to tell me you're gonna count those old birds over there?
A::I'm sorry, Mister McMurphy, but you must have a majority to change ward policy.
Q::H-H-Help!
A::Ease up on the star drag, keep the tie up, up and work hell outta that fella.
Q::With this thing! I'm gonna put this thing right through the window, that's how!
A::You mean you're going to try to pick that thing up and shove it through the window?
Q::I don't, Doc...
A::Arrested on an assault charge five times...
Q::How are you feeling?
A::Just fine, Doc... In fact, I think I might've put on a couple of pounds since I got here.
Q::Yes, well, Miss Ratched feels that you're a disturbing influence on the other patients.
A::Shoot, Doc, the only one I'm disturbing is that old nurse and her fixed ways. That's all.
Q::What's troubling ya, buddy?
A::I want you to write me a letter to my brother for a hundred dollars to bury me.
Q::Yeah, take us back to the dumbwaiter, Mac.
A::I'm not going back in there. I told ya this was a one way trip. Now stand aside.
Q::There is one other thing you should know about me.
A::Nothing you could say would change the way I feel.
Q::Why are you asking me this?
A::Because I'd like to think at least one of you feels that way.  Does he  know who you are?
Q::Why don't you ask him?
A::Why should I ask someone out who I don't want to go out with in the first place?
Q::I just got a dial tone--
A::The guy at the desk said he only left about a half hour ago, right?
Q::Maybe there's fingerprints on it?
A::We're not looking to arrest the man, Faith, we're trying to locate him.
Q::Couldn't we just have taken a train?
A::The book said they have a lot of rail strikes in Italy.
Q::I sort of wanted to wait to see if maybe he'd notice me first?
A::You've travelled over six thousand miles and now you're gonna play hard to get?
Q::Maybe I can change him.
A::I thought this was supposed to be the one guy in the world you wouldn't need to change.
Q::It was just a joke.  I was pushing the arrow.  I wanted to get to the next question.  I wanted to find out who was gonna win the Series.
A::Are you saying you just made the whole thing up?  The guy never even existed?
Q::She what?!
A::She said she knew where to find him, and then she grabbed my car keys, and--
Q::Well, where are they?
A::We was robbed last night and we can't find no books.
Q::River Street? I thought we was going to the Garden.
A::I've got to cover a bet there on the way over. Anyway, it gives us a chance to talk.
Q::And if you don't?
A::If you don't  Keep your neck in and your nose clean and You'll never have no trouble down here.
Q::That  word again! Why do you keep saying conscience, conscience... .
A::I never mentioned the word before. In his agony he grips a glass standing on the night table.
Q::Edie, I need you to love me. Tell me you love me.
A::I didn't say I didn't love you. I said stay away from me.
Q::Now listen, if you know who the pistols are, if you see them on the dock every day, are you going to keep still until they cut you down one by one?  Are you? Are you? How about you, Nolan?
A::Father, one thing you got to understand. On the dock we've always been D 'n D.
Q::I think you could have.
A::If I licked him I would have had the title shot instead of him boy, I was ready that night.
Q::But horror stories!  Why all the time horror stories?
A::Shirley, I wrote for years without selling a single word.
Q::That's what I want to find out. We have to get help.
A::What help can we possibly find in the cemetery at this time of night?
Q::I don't know, yet.  We'll just have to watch our chance. When it comes I'll know what to do--I hope I'll know what to do.
A::I still don't know what ever made me go steady with a crackpot writer like you.
Q::At the first sight of the morning's rays' light...
A::I know the laws of the night. I state there is still time for yet another.
Q::He said he wished the two of you could start over, live a normal life.
A::Huh.  Problem is, Jack's idea of a normal life is robbing banks.  It's all he's ever done.
Q::I'm just saying she wasn't scared.
A::Cause she had her hand on her gun the whole time, waiting to make her move.
Q::Whatta you think?
A::I think Glenn opened his big mouth and now we got us another partner.
Q::Karen, I've been with the Bureau fifteen years, on all kinds of investigations.
A::Have you ever shot a man?  How many times have you been primary through the door?
Q::What is it with crack and transsexuals?
A::Yeah, Eddie was a real character.  Had these girls cooked the rocks he called the Rockettes.
Q::Other than we had so much fun the last time we worked together.  You gonna tell me why you're comin' to me instead of the FBI?
A::I report to the FBI, first thing they're gonna do is ask me to go get some coffee.
Q::Who was the friend?
A::Guy named Maurice Miller, also known as Snoopy, a former prizefighter.
Q::Hello?
A::We're a few minutes away.  Just sit tight, stay outta the house till we get there, understand?
Q::You guys-- come on-- this is too heavy!
A::I guess the bright glare out here made it hard to see the numbers on the weights.
Q::Detroit.  Snoopy Miller told me uncut diamonds are as easy to move as cash.
A::Ever seen an uncut diamond, Studs? They look like plain old rocks.
Q::My ex-wife's in Miami.  It's nice down there.
A::No need to decide now.  Be like the fish.  Let whatever happens happen.
Q::Have they got Midge up there?
A::What kinda man lets a woman answer the door, this time a night?
Q::You busted out?
A::I prefer to call it an exodus from an undesirable place.
Q::The <u>ninth</u>?
A::Ten, you count the prison hospital in Ohio I walked away from.
Q::Why's that?
A::Maurice is gonna kill him, try and collect the reward.
Q::I'm looking for Maurice.
A::You find him, tell him the dog got run over and I'm out of grocery money.
Q::...She fixes him pork chops and rice, the next thing you know they're making love on the sofa.  She says he was very gentle.
A::I spoke to her.  The guy told her he missed his little girl and she felt sorry for him.
Q::Thank you...
A::Not so fast, Dick.  Starting now, there's gonna be an across the board cost a living increase.
Q::I think he must've fell in.
A::I sent these two looking for him, they come back shaking their heads.
Q::How come you're not pukin'?
A::I guess I'm used to it.  I've felt like throwing up every minute since you got back.
Q::This ain't a little feud, Earl, it's World War Two!
A::They're coming around for another pass. You got extra weapons and ammo?
Q::Hey!  What is this, the planes all bunched up like that?
A::The brass is afraid of sabotage.  This makes 'em easier to protect -- and easier to service.
Q::I taught him to drink beer.  He taught me how to fly.
A::He said you're the only one he ever saw who was better in the air than him.
Q::There've been some complications, Sir. The Chinese didn't receive our request for homing beacons until is was too late to get them set.  And the planes had to take off so early they may lack fuel to make the mainland anyway.
A::So those brave men are flying blind and running out of fuel.
Q::I may be an old fool, but I think we can help you.
A::I hope so. At least I got to see you and Grandma.  Has it ever worked before?
Q::Welcome to the singles scene.
A::I don't know how you do it. I've never even dated anybody but Charlie.
Q::Mmm. This is nice.  I always loved the way you kiss.  I missed you.
A::Your eyes look like silver pools of moonlight.  And the tide rushes in.
Q::A lot's happened since last weekend.
A::But you're the one who wanted to wait till we got married. And you were right. We should wait.
Q::Mom!
A::The nurse called and said you'd be coming home.
Q::Isn't that awfully forward?
A::We've got to move fast. This is an idea whose time has come.
Q::And the butter.
A::You know, you two are wonderful parents. I'm really going to try to behave myself.
Q::Mom, sit down for a minute. This is so nice, all of us being together again like this.
A::Can I tell Diane that Peggy Sue got drunk or is that a deep family secret?  Well?
Q::For God's sake, forget the money! I'm going crazy! I'm a walking anachronism. I'm a puddle of deja I'm worried about my kids, Scott must be scared to death, I think my daughter's doing drugs again. I can't have any fun here, I don't have that innocence any more. I can't keep all this in anymore. I feel Like I'm going to explode.
A::Look, the best scientific mind in this country is working on your case. May I make a suggestion?
Q::Richard! You should be ashamed of yourself.
A::Me? You went crazy! You started taking your clothes off. I was putting them back on for you.
Q::When I was young I thought cats were the girls and dogs were the boys.
A::There are three more girls where that one came from looking for homes.
Q::I was building a doggy door.
A::God damn it Gus, you dug up my wife! What the fuck is going on around here?!
Q::Wait, there must be some mix-up. He was... the dog is alive.
A::Not this dog. There wasn't enough oxygen in those red cells to pump life into a flea.
Q::Who was that?
A::Remember Zowie, Drew's dog? He got hurt again. I'm going over to take a look at him.
Q::Drew, I know your dog died, but... get a grip, man, you're freaking me out.
A::Look, if there was even one chance in a million it'd work, wouldn't you want to try?
Q::I misplaced an important complaint. That's their story. Want to hear mine?
A::How many lawyers did you go to, before you called me?
Q::Thanks for your time.
A::Beckett? I'm sorry about... what's happened to you. It's a fucking kick in the head.
Q::Some do. I didn't.
A::As a homosexual, one is often forced to conceal one's sexuality, is that right?
Q::What's Dr. Gillman say?
A::Hold on, Mom.  There's no way my client will go along with that.
Q::Where's Dad?
A::He's out in his shed showing your uncle his new riding mower.
Q::Going on... like...?
A::Like... two sailors playing hide the salami.
Q::What deviant groups or organizations did he secretly belong to?  What is it, Bob?!
A::Let's settle with Andy and put this whole tragic mess behind us.
Q::There....
A::Like the light is scalding it.
Q::What, you think I'm doin' this to prove something?
A::You said it, not me. Let's just not let one bad call lead to another.
Q::He can pilot?
A::Hijacked a prison transport, made a helluva good run 'fore I tracked him down.
Q::Dancin' on razor blades here...
A::I won't give him a chance to grab another ship -- or to slash another pilot's throat.
Q::This does not help us, Johns.
A::-- she tried to blow the whole fucking passenger cabin, tried to kill us --
Q::Fry?
A::Can't get my nose down...too much load back there....
Q::We got you...it's okay, it's okay...we got you now....
A::The child heard you before any of us could even....
Q::My recommendation: Do me. Don't take the chance that I'll get shiv-happy on your wannabe ass. Ghost me, Riddick. Would if I were you.
A::If you were me, I'd kill us both. C'mon, you wanna sit at the grown-up table or not?
Q::How did it go?
A::There was one bad moment -- some hunters stopped us.
Q::Objection! These remarks are profane and irrelevant.
A::Sustained.  Your archeological theories have no bearing on the disposition of this creature.
Q::Why did you do that? Scrape off your hair?
A::In my world -- before I left it - only youngsters of your age wore un- scraped hair.
Q::And our purpose is to settle custodial and jurisdictional questions concerning this beast, and determine what's to be done with him.
A::At the very least, this man has the right to know whether there's a charge against him.
Q::Sustained. In all fairness, Dr. Zira, you must admit the accused is a nonape, and therefore has no rights under ape law.
A::Then why is he called the accused Your Honors must think him guilty of something.
Q::A fort! Unconsciously, you chose a name that was belligerent.  Where were you nurtured?
A::I take it you don't believe the prosecutor's charge -- that I'm a monster created by Dr. Zira.
Q::Of course.
A::All right, suppose I am a mutant? Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic?
Q::There is no contradiction between faith and science. True science.
A::All right, let's see if you're willing to put that statement to a test.
Q::Then there is another jungle?
A::Of course, you could return with us. Our society might find a place for you and your mate.
Q::Y'ever look at yoself in the mirror Junior, youse uglier than a dick on a dog man. 
A::Yeah, you had a piece of pussy on a plate in front of you, you'd probably kill it.
Q::Yeah?
A::Only way you'd get some pussy is your bitch dies and wills it to you - and then maybe.
Q::Right on.
A::I remember first time you came in here Taylor you telling me how much you admired that bastard.
Q::Right...
A::This is one time we could sure use Elias.
Q::Merely for our records, Miss Mayfield. It's usual for the guests who come here for the first time.
A::I'm carrying quite a large sum in Travelers checks. How much of a deposit would you like?
Q::How did you meet him?
A::On a train. He said he lived here, and he offered to make a reservation for me.
Q::Cant be too close for me.  Right across the street from it suits me.  Anything else listed?
A::There's another man--right outside the booth here.  I never saw him Before.
Q::You'll never make it.  You've out- smarted yourself.
A::I'm still on course to Victoria. Nobody saw you get on board, nobody seen you since.
Q::Mitchell was dead enough.
A::And that nasty man that followed us last night.  You didn't kill him.
Q::I'm still asking. What do you want?
A::I'm not sure I want anything from you. You might want something from me.
Q::How are your teeth getting along?
A::The new ones are fine. The last set I had gave me all kinds of trouble.
Q::Somebody Mitchell picked up on the train. I don't even know her name.
A::She doesn't look like a girl who would let herself be picked up on a train.
Q::The only answer I have for you.
A::You passed up a dozen chances to arrest her.  What toughened you up?
Q::Not a floater.  Only just dead.
A::You're the waterfront specialist. Find out about it.  I've got a murder to investigate.
Q::I shall. From your knowledge of Mitchell, would you say he would be likely to commit suicide?
A::Anybody could commit suicide, if he felt low enough. I've felt it myself.
Q::Remember that time, didn't I? Good morning Mrs. West.  Does your visit here mean you've changed your mind?
A::How did you know?  Clarendon.  You cops never tell anybody anything, do you.
Q::Well, find out.  Who's covering her?
A::Nobody's covering her, I detached the officer assigned to that duty.
Q::I didn't mean it that way  I'm sorry.
A::Oh, forget it. Clark Brandon's throwing a party up in his penthouse this evening. Take me?
Q::Be nasty.
A::I have no intension of being nasty, Mr. Mitchell.
Q::Me too.
A::Two or three years ago I would have stayed.  And fucked you.
Q::The torture of small children--
A::On the torture of very small children, but don't start telling them about their rights--
Q::It was last year.
A::We might be able to dig out a couple of Suez survivors for you.
Q::And that's why you never went pro?
A::Two years of surgery.  I missed my window.  Limped through law school instead.
Q::Go on, Johnny.  Pull it.  But you gotta drop the gun, first!  Right?! You use your other hand what you gonna hold on with?
A::Pull it right now or I'll blow your fucking head off and pull it myself!
Q::They found the drop car up on Mulholland.  I want you two to go work it.
A::What?  Now I'm working the drop car? Who's handling the scene here?
Q::Good move.
A::Yeah, they control the room well. Stick strictly to the cash drawers.
Q::Candle wax.  Car wax.  Mustache wax? Could be anything.  Guy's waxing his mustache at the beach.  Gets sand in it.  Wipes it off with a shoe.  Shoe scuffs the counter.
A::The lab made three possible matches, this was one of 'em.
Q::Johnny, it's the only way.
A::Why can't I just walk around with this thing under my arm and act stoned?  Ask a few questions.
Q::... Felony B and E, three months in juvey.  Better.  Felony assault. Postgraduate work at Chino. Excellent.  I'm lovin' it.  What about the brother?  Great!  Another model citizen. These guys really fit the profile.
A::Remember, all bank robbers are losers, but not all losers are bank robbers.
Q::I can see that.  But forget it. Stick to tennis, or whatever you're good at.  Miniature golf.  Here, your number's 37.
A::Well, I'm just gonna go back out there till I catch on to it or break my neck.
Q::We can reach an understanding on this.
A::I don't think so.  You should know we're going to fight you with every resource we have.
Q::Because they bring out the flavor of the champagne.
A::Jesus, you act like you're seducing some Valley girl you picked up in a dance club.
Q::What do you like?
A::If I want you to turn me on I'll pay <u>you</u> three hundred.  Just lay back and let me drive.
Q::Four thousand.
A::Vivian, may I point out five more nights at three hundred a night is only 1,500.
Q::What was I supposed to do?  I told the truth.  Why should the truth upset you?  It's not as if you're from a convent.
A::I want my fucking money.  I'm getting out of here.  I don't want anything more to do with you.
Q::Pay me!  Before I pick up this chair and smash your face in.
A::Fine.  I'm only here a couple of more days and I'm not going to spend them fighting with you.
Q::I'll see him alone.  Everyone knows you're my muscle.  We'll make it social.  Tell Kross I'll meet him for dinner.  Tonight if you can arrange it.
A::You shouldn't go alone.  He might claim that you tried to black mail him.
Q::Oh, my god... Edward, no!
A::I suppose you'd use them as collateral on new loans, wouldn't you?
Q::Who did you think?
A::Carlos.  I still owe him two hundred bucks...
Q::If we surrender, and I return with you, will you promise not to hurt this man?
A::May I live a thousand years and never hunt again.
Q::To think -- all that time it was your cup that was poisoned.
A::They were both poisoned. I spent the last few years building up an immunity to iocane powder.
Q::Catch your breath.
A::If you'll release me ... whatever you ask for ransom ... you'll get it, I promise you...
Q::Oh, Westley, will you ever forgive me?
A::What hideous sin have you committed lately?
Q::Once the horse reaches the castle, the fabric will make the Prince suspect the Guilderians have abducted his love. When he finds her body dead on the Guilder frontier, his suspicions will be totally confirmed.
A::You never said anything about killing anyone.
Q::I've hired you to help me start a war. That's a prestigious line of work with a long and glorious tradition.
A::I just don't think it's right, killing an innocent girl.
Q::She will not be murdered. On the day of the wedding, I want the Thieves' Forest emptied and every inhabitant arrested.
A::Many of the thieves will resist. My regular enforcers will be inadequate.
Q::-- and then my tongue, I suppose. I killed you too quickly the last time, a mistake I don't mean to duplicate tonight.
A::I wasn't finished -- the next thing you lose will be your left eye, followed by your right --
Q::Could this be a trap?
A::I always think everything could be a trap -- Which is why I'm still alive.
Q::Buttercup is marrying Humperdinck in a little less than half an hour, so all we have to do is get in, break up the wedding, steal the Princess, make our escape after I kill Count Rugen.
A::That doesn't leave much time for dilly dallying.
Q::We're really in a terrible rush.
A::Don't rush me, sonny. You rush a miracle man, you get rotten miracles. You got money?
Q::You're trying to trick me into giving away something -- it won't work --
A::It has worked -- you've given everything away -- I know where the poison is.
Q::He's afraid. Ever since Prince Humperdinck fired him, his confidence is shattered.
A::Why'd you say that name -- you promised me that you would never say that name --
Q::What did I do?
A::You raised two thousand more than you needed to produce your last play.
Q::You're going to jump on me.
A::You're going to jump on me.  I know you're going to jump on me -- like Nero jumped on Poppea.
Q::There it is... in red and white! "Springtime For Hitler," signed, sealed and delivered.  What's the matter with you?
A::Look, I'm just not wearing this arm band.  I don't care how big the deal is.
Q::What are you doing?
A::I'm going to buy a toy.  I worked very, very hard and I think I deserve a toy.
Q::You think out of all those Hitlers you could find just one...
A::It was the same thing in Germany. We looked for years before we found the right Hitler.
Q::Here.  You see.  This is the slow fuse.  It is much wider.  It has more resistance, more density. Therefore, it burns slower.
A::You mean you had the slow fuse in your pocket all the time and you forgot to put it on?
Q::Good.  Yes.  Thursday.
A::And after that we'll play the Abduction and cruel rape of Lucretia ... And I'll play Lucretia.
Q::Smasheroo.  Smasheroo.
A::Oh, I'd better hurry back.  I don't want to miss one minute of it.
Q::She's... ill. Confined to her room. It's practically living alone.
A::If this girl Mary Crane were here, you'd have no reason to hide her would you?
Q::Somebody better tell me what's going on and tell me fast! I can take so much and then...
A::Your girl friend stole forty thousand dollars.
Q::Did you check in Phoenix... hospitals... maybe she had an accident... a hold-up...
A::She was seen leaving town in her car. Seen by her very victims, I might add.
Q::Yes.
A::Norman Bates' mother has been dead and buried in Greenlawn Cemetery for the last ten years!
Q::Yes... I just... did. The moment they told me...
A::You might have doubted for say five minutes or so, Sister.
Q::No. The man whose money she... he talked so loud and fast, and I... I should've called the police.
A::He must have had a darn good reason for wanting them kept out of it... All that cash...
Q::You going to wait here for me?
A::I'm going with you. But we'd better decide what we're going to say and do when we walk in...
Q::And besides, when you say I make tax- deductible excuses you make me out a criminal.
A::You couldn't be a criminal if you committed a major crime.
Q::I'm sorry. I wish... people could apologize for other people.
A::Don't worry about it.  But as long as you've made us supper, we may as well eat it. Huh?
Q::A man should have a hobby.
A::It's more than a hobby... sometimes... a hobby is supposed to pass the time, not fill it.
Q::Bates' Motel.  He has a mind like a mechanical brain and the more information you feed it... Go on, Sam.
A::He traced her there and called us to say he was going to question Mrs. Bates...
Q::Recluse. Kinder word.
A::You must remember that bad business out there. About ten years ago...
Q::Barefaced.
A::He told you he wasn't coming right back cause he wanted to question Norman Bates' mother, right?
Q::Now wait a minute, Sam. You sure you saw an old woman?
A::Yes! In the house behind the motel. I pounded and called but she... just ignored me.
Q::He's inherited a fortune.
A::You say a fortune. He never spoke to me of any rich relatives.
Q::What made you steal? Are you hungry?
A::No--I don't want to give any money. Everybody wants money--I'm not going to give any money.
Q::I don't see any big-moneyed boys running after you.
A::I met one last night ... all the money this side of Peoria.
Q::He can look like a chimpanzee and act like an igorot but he must have dough -- plenty of dough.
A::You think money is the only requisite. It happens that the poor people are happier.
Q::What's the rush? There's no first act. They'll all be there and we don't have to appear at any particular time.
A::I'm hungry. I'll eat the first child I see. And I've an appointment with young Winton at 8:30.
Q::I am right! I know I'm right!
A::Well, no one would ever suspect it. You don't sound right.
Q::I asked you to keep your trap shut!
A::Well, you can't blame a guy for getting a little breathless with a scoop like that.
Q::And it came to life and divorced you. I know all about that. Now my idea is this: Somebody swipes the girl's body, takes impression, makes a mold, produces wax figure ... Bingo! ... Peddles it to this old skate down there!
A::Work that up into a comic strip and syndicate it.
Q::Say, you're always razzing everything I do, but this is one time I'm in.
A::Go on, little girl, take your troubles somewhere else. I don't feel like talking to you.
Q::Was there any art on Judge Ramsey?
A::What goofy idea have you got now? Don't tell me you suspect Judge Ramsey of stealing the body.
Q::I've got a story for you. You know the Joan Gale girl?
A::Yes, she committed suicide yesterday. That's not news. I heard about it last year.
Q::Make it snappy, Colonel.
A::There's an autopsy ordered at Bellevue immediately. You better skip over there.
Q::Yeah. I suppose you people will crucify me for something I didn't do.  I didn't! You understand that! ... I didn't do it! She -- tried before -- 
A::Come on, old man, that won't do. You know you're innocent until proven guilty.
Q::Now look here. It's not up to us to do our own detective work. I've had enough trouble over this matter. I don't want anything more to do with it.
A::Not even if it gives you a clean bill of health?
Q::Your money may have been well invested, my friend. Something important may come of all this.
A::Something important has got to come of it! Do you know that the rent on this place isn't paid?
Q::Fire insurance!
A::Yes, there's our way out. A fire in this place would give us ten thousand pounds.
Q::A fire! Is this your idea of humor, my friend?
A::I want the money back I've thrown into this rubbish heap.
Q::Everything, my friend. And you hope to be a great sculptor --  A great sculptor. Look -- this forearm is at least two inches too long.
A::But the composition as a whole -- I've tried to keep a sketchy freedom.
Q::She's in L.A., he's in the Bay area --
A::A five hundred foot thick steel wall.  But the connection between these two electrons is so --
Q::I am in awe of it, Mother.
A::I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil.
Q::I didn't hear you. I didn't hear that.
A::He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her.
Q::Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her -- I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys.
A::Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty...
Q::He thought he could sell 'em, but nobody but country folks eat rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got no money. We had to eat them dern rabbits our own selves. Every dern one, and it took about four years to eat 'em all up.
A::Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right.
Q::What'd you say, Brother?
A::She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now.
Q::What's goin' on?
A::Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so.
Q::Got another twenty years in it, boy.  By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion.
A::Of course I recall Rose. In fact I've been thinking of no one else for the last hour and a half.
Q::What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking?
A::Oh, I heard from her, I got a letter from her, she's fine. But there is some sad news.
Q::I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better.
A::The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her.
Q::I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it.
A::That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why.
Q::Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying!
A::I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.
Q::Now look, darlin', this is no time to go off into the fourth dimension.
A::But what I said is the simple truth. And now I see something else, I see more deeply into it...
Q::It's twenty after one.
A::I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this.
Q::Well, I know it, I just got the bill for it.
A::Boy, for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again!
Q::Well, she finally let me look in her mouth. Is it true she's never been to a dentist?
A::She was raised on a poor dirt farm. I'm sure she's never seen a dentist or hardly even a doctor.
Q::Have I ever steered you wrong?
A::Cuff'em.  Let's see what these two love birds say once they're sitting in separate cages.
Q::Give a Hoot.  Don't Pollute.
A::I'll give you a fucking hoot if you don't shut up back there.
Q::Sons of bitches!
A::We catch 'em, I wanna be first to hurt 'em.  Promise me I get to go first.
Q::Jiminy Christmas.
A::I can not even begin to imagine how much that must have hurt.
Q::Okay.  But, what changed our mind?
A::Just keep an eye out till I get this rig up and running.
Q::Bad news is, word's spreading like wildfire that we don't have badges, and nobody wants to end up getting splattered like Butch Cassidy either.
A::If we don't catch a break soon, we're gonna be left standing with our dicks in our hands.
Q::Whoa, whoa... it's gonna be alright.
A::... where... where's a jerk like me ever gonna find another girl to love him... huh?...
Q::Can't I?
A::We've been chasing this deal six months, and now you're gonna chuck it out the window?
Q::Get closer!  Don't lose him!
A::I kinda already figured that, but keep those helpful hints coming.
Q::What the hell's his problem?
A::You mean, besides the warrant out on us for blowing up our commanding officer?
Q::Why the beach?
A::So there's nobody around to get killed in the explosion.
Q::Admiral, we're in position. All fighters accounted for.
A::Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume attack coordinates.
Q::What is thy bidding, my Master?
A::Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until called for.
Q::I told you to remain on the command ship.
A::A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor.
Q::The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that landing platform. This isn't gonna be easy.
A::Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this.
Q::Well, look at you, a general, huh?
A::Oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the battle of Taanab.
Q::Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your presence.
A::You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you back on schedule.
Q::What's he saying?
A::He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge.
Q::I was telling the truth.
A::I know what you told me, Brad. But this Dr Everett Scott.  His name is not unknown to me.
Q::Oh Brad, I'm frightened.  What kind of place is this?
A::Oh, it's probably some kind of hunting lodge for rich weirdos.
Q::Then ask the butler - or someone.
A::Let's wait awhile Janet.  We don't want to interfere with their celebrations.
Q::Right!
A::We'll just say where we are Then go back to the car We don't want to be any worry.
Q::No no no, no no.
A::Sha la la la That ain't no crime - That ain't no crime.
Q::No no no no.
A::Sha la la la That ain't no crime - That ain't no crime.
Q::Are you - giving a party?
A::No.  You've arrived on a rather special night.  It's one of the master's affairs.
Q::I thought it might be cute.
A::Ya right --  Mebbe we best just hold hands -- the shirt made me feel guilty, y'know.
Q::What did you say about a pet shop?
A::I don't want ya cleanin' nobody else's cages no more.
Q::No... I can't!
A::Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'.
Q::He won't last one round.
A::Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit.
Q::Damn.
A::I suppose we could cancel the fight indefinitely if you are set on fighting Green.
Q::This a con?
A::Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise --
Q::Honest to God I'm broke -- Gimme a break.
A::Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb.
Q::...The juice is climbin' every week.
A::I know the juice is climbin' -- I been workin' six months just to pay the damn interest.
Q::Yo Rock. Did I give you a job this mornin? How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya? When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid.
A::I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin' no more.
Q::Y'know I won't be able to work for ya no more.
A::Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it.
Q::What was I gonna say?
A::Ya hope I don't keep acting like a whore or I'll turn into one, right?
Q::Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes to be a champ -- He's mean, quick, an' big -- What more d'ya need? Okay, go to work...  Hey -- Yeah -- Whatta ya want?
A::I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker?
Q::Ya want the truth -- Ya got heart, but ya fight like an ape -- The only thing special about you is ya never got ya nose broke -- keep ya nose pretty -- what's left of ya brain an' retire.
A::Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it.
Q::If ya was wantin' my help, why didn't ya ask? Just ask.
A::I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance.
Q::Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more?
A::Listen, I'm with you -- But ya gotta talk to Mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there.
Q::What gaps?
A::She got gaps. I got gaps -- together we fill the gaps.
Q::Can you get him out of it, Eddie?
A::If I can find whoever wanted to kill Acme bad enough to get this.
Q::You're not takin' me to downtown <u>Toon</u>town?
A::Indeed we are.  We'll continue the interrogation there.
Q::I don't think it's gonna matter. Sorry, pal, I tried.
A::Yes, and for that you're charged with aiding and abetting.  But we'll let Santino handle that.
Q::Cause I don't take Acme Dumb Pills.  I don't know what you're up to, lady, but I'm gonna nail you for the Acme murder.
A::If I'm as bad as you think, what's stopping me from just killing you right now?
Q::So where is it?
A::When I opened up the blue envelope, all that was inside was a blank piece of paper.
Q::Where'd this gargoyle come from anyway?
A::No one knows.  He bought the election a few years back.  He's been rulin' Toontown ever since.
Q::Either withdraw unto some private place, or reason coldly of your grievences, or else depart. Here all eyes gaze on us.
A::Men's eyes were made to look, and let them gaze. I will not budge for no man's pleasure, I.
Q::Uncle, 'tis a shame.
A::Go to! What, goodman boy! I say, he shall: go to; Make a mutiny among my guests?!
Q::Are you at leisure Holy Father, now? Or shall I come to you at evening mass?
A::My leisure serves me, pensive daughter now. We must entreat the time alone.
Q::Good marrow, father!
A::Benedicite! What early tounge so sweet saludeth me?
Q::O, she new well. Thy love read by rote and could not spell. Come, young waverer, come, go with me, In one respect I'll thy assistant be; for this alliance may so happy prove, to turn you household rachor to pure love.
A::O, let us hence; I stand on sudden haste.
Q::There is no world without Verona walls, hence banished is banished from the world and worlds exile is death. Then banished is death mis-termed. Calling death banished, thou cu'st my head off with a golden axe and smiles upon the stroke that murders me.
A::O deadly sin, O rude unthankfulness! This is dear mercy and thou sees it not. Hence!
Q::Here's such a coil! Come, what says Romeo?
A::Have you got leave to go to confession to-day?
Q::I have.
A::Then hie you hence to Father Laurence' cell; There stays a husband to make you a wife
Q::Come gentle night. Come loving black-browned night give me my Romeo. And when I shall die, take him and cut him out into little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun. O, I have bought the mansion of love but not possessed, and though I am sold, not yet enjoyed. O, tedious is this day, as the night before some festival to an impatient child that hath new robes and may not wear them.
A::Mercutio's soul is but a little way above our heads staying for thine to keep him company!
Q::Pardon, good Mercutio, my business was great; and in such a case as mine a man may strain courtesy.
A::That's as much as to say, such a case as yours constrains a man to bow in the hams.
Q::Do you have it?
A::Always in a rush, you are.  All these years I've known you, you could never wait for anything.
Q::Oh yeah?  Whatta you drink, then?
A::I drink what every civilized man, woman and child in the world drinks: Guinness.
Q::Problem my ass!  I think you're lying to me, and if you are you're a dead man!
A::Would somebody tell me what fucking well happened in there?
Q::Shut up!
A::He'll kill me anway, Sam, shoot though me and kill this fucker.
Q::That was a mistake, trying to kill you. Mikhi did it without consulting me, I'd have never allowed it.
A::I'm sure.  But I'm sorry to say that it's too late for trust: we have a serious problem.
Q::I need you, Swede, I can't do this without you!
A::I just wanted to make sure you knew who you were dealing with.
Q::I'm just worried about your health, Larry.  You could stand to shed a few pounds.
A::And you could stand to get a little smarter, ain't that right you dumb blonde fuck?
Q::Something like that...
A::And I suppose he's saying that we oughta give them something for using it, huh?
Q::What'd you say to him?
A::I asked if we could give him anything else.
Q::What's this?
A::The address of the Russian production company.  Just in case we need to find them.
Q::You were behind the door?
A::I was waiting to see what would happen. I didn't want to kill him if I didn't have to.
Q::You would have done that?
A::I would have tried not to.  But yes, if it would have kept him from shooting you, I would have.
Q::What I've heard so far, it's all a lot of talk.  I wasn't so sure what to make of it at first, cause, like I said, the Irish and the Russians are an unlikely mix.
A::You said you might know where we can get a copy of this tape?
Q::Don't spend it all in one place.
A::I knew you'd come through. Jesse observes the transaction Booth and Earl start to leave.
Q::Oh, you would have done great.
A::I probably would have.  I guess the clues damn near before everyone.
Q::No.  We can't.
A::Look around you partner!  You said yourself you never saw anything like it.
Q::It's no accident we stumbled on this money.  It's an answer to a prayer!  Every night and every day I've prayed that God would just -- help me out a little, give me a little push.  Tonight my prayer came true.
A::Oh so God's like Western Union and he just dropped us a couple million bucks?
Q::Well, we didn't know that at the time.
A::We assaulted a Federal agent.  We killed him.
Q::You're crazy.
A::How badly do you want that money?! How bad do you want to stay out of jail?
Q::What happened?  What's Earl doing here?
A::He found us, he shot her...he killed her...
Q::There's an ATM on Speedwell Avenue.
A::Yeah but I need to take out four hundred dollars and the ATM will only give me three.
Q::It's OK, Booth, it's no big deal.
A::Let's hope so. SALLY If he asks me again, I'm gonna tell him I returned it all.
Q::All right, deputies, take care, don't let your meat loaf.
A::Don't worry the real men are in charge now.
Q::I guess we can get started.
A::I wanted to ask you some questions about last night.
Q::Damn its hot in here...
A::He probably figured she was on her way out anyhow, no drugs in her system, no foul play.
Q::Well what do you know!  An air conditioner.
A::And not just any air conditioner. This baby sells for over six hundred dollars retail.
Q::That's great Earl!
A::Yep, fifteen thousand BTU's, enough to cool off this whole place.
Q::Not in the trunk.
A::That doesn't tell us much. Did you run a check on the gas like I told you?
Q::James, you see my kids back there?  You know how much I'm paying for private school?  How can you come in here with this attitude, you being little Chang's godfather?
A::Little Chang is gonna have to go visit his daddy in jail if you don't cooperate.
Q::They use an optical transfer ink from India that burns red -- the real ink burns black.
A::What the hell are they going to do with a hundred million dollars in funny money?
Q::All I did was invite them for a drink.
A::You invited them to get naked and sacrifice a small goat.
Q::Mu-shu?  You're hungry?
A::Not Mu-shu.  Mu-shu.  I want to see some women.  Now stop playing dumb and show me the shu!
Q::What'd I say?
A::You just said you're their worst nightmare - and to line their mothers up for a milking.
Q::Follow the Rich White Man?
A::Almost, but you've got to say "Rich White Man" all run together like it's one word.
Q::Secret Service Agent Carter.  This is my calling, Lee. Give me six months and I'll be in Washington protecting a white guy.
A::We both know you would never take a bullet for someone else.
Q::Vegas...
A::Lee.  I just got an idea how someone could launder a hundred million dollars in cash.
Q::Lee!  It's him!
A::The first drop will be made tomorrow. At twelve o'clock.  The amount will be fifty million.
Q::Alright, listen, no bullshit just tell me straight: did you really know the guy you were chasin'?
A::Yes. He was part of the Juntao crime family. He may be Juntao himself.  And he dropped this.
Q::Are you tellin' me nobody knows what he looks like?  Come on, there must be witnesses somewhere.
A::Juntao's standing orders were to kill everyone. There were never witnesses.
Q::Excuse me?
A::Nobody in America eats fish in the AM. We're talking strictly an after twelve noon food type.
Q::What a surprise!
A::FBI calls up my ass, says they need help in Tokyo.  Like I'm supposed to drop everything.
Q::How much they want?
A::You come highly recommended, Carter. And your particular assignment requires a special talent.
Q::What do you mean you lost him?! How could you lose him?!
A::Try a bus load of - no, make that two bus loads of Chinese --
Q::Oh yeah.  The caller was a man. Confident.  Had an accent.  My guess, Asian.  Anything else I can do for the FBI, sir?
A::Why don't you try the assignment.  Or should I call and ask for somebody who can handle it?
Q::Lawyers.  I don't know, Ellie -- Firing me is going to be very tough on you.  It's going to be hard to get over.  There will be therapy bills for you.
A::I already made an appointment for later today.
Q::In vino veritas.
A::Don't knock drunk guys in bars.  Drunk guys in bars are good.  It means they're not driving.
Q::The anatomy of the black widow spider of Maryland.
A::It wouldn't be a bad way to get you back into writing feature pieces again.
Q::Don't say "spec" like it's a dirty word. Nobody ever paid Shakespeare to write a play!  Plato never got a book advance...
A::Oh yeah!  I happen to know from reliable sources that Nietzche got expenses and a rental car.
Q::Well, I'm good, I don't know if I'm best.
A::Go talk to the pastor and he'll tell you what to do.  And someone will tell me what to do.
Q::Like her mother.
A::Ah, beautiful.  I just can't see her leaving multiple grooms in the dust like that.
Q::I already explained about that.
A::And where you ever really going to run the leper colony in Molokai?
Q::You actually could make breaking and entering into a new career.  So, what are you doing here?
A::I wanted to talk to you about why I run or ride away from things.
Q::You're a goddess!
A::I didn't even need to change this gasket, just put in a little hydraulic fluid.
Q::I know.  I think sometimes you just sort of spaz-out with random excess flirtation energy and it just lands on anything male that moves.
A::On anything male that moves?  As opposed to anything male that doesn't move?
Q::What?
A::Just stop it.  Don't say another word like that.
Q::But it's on the water.
A::It's on the lake right in the middle of Seattle.  It rains nine months of the year in Seattle.
Q::You want to hear about destiny? If my husband hadn't gone on a diet, which caused me to leave him, I would never have been on that flight to Miami, and met Rick, and ended up having sex in the bathroom of a 727 with that nob you slide that says "vacant-occupied, vacant- occupied, vacant-occupied" -- 
A::You never told me you left your husband because he went on a diet.
Q::You were standing in the middle of the street?
A::You know that dream where you're walking down the street naked and everyone is looking at you?
Q::Please --
A::This is a grotesque violation of this man's personal life, but never mind --
Q::I mean, why did you get married? Was it all fireworks and trumpets and --
A::I got married because Betsy said we had to break up or get married.  So we get married.
Q::I'm probably not interested in whatever you're selling.
A::I'm not selling anything.  Your son called and asked for advice on how to find you a new wife.
Q::I'm sure he won't be angry once he realizes how concerned you are about him.
A::Okay, but if I get yelled at, I'm never gonna listen to this show again.
Q::They met at the Empire State Building, only they didn't. Never mind.
A::What kind of person would write to someone they heard on the radio?
Q::Well.  Things are different. First, you have to be friends. You have to like each other. Then you neck.  This can go on for years.  Then you have tests.  Then you get to do it with a condom.  The good news is, split the check.
A::I don't think it could let a woman pay for dinner.
Q::You'll see.
A::Some woman is going to want me to do it to her and I'm not going to know what it is.
Q::Do you know how much it costs to go to New York?
A::Nobody knows.  It changes practically every day.  How much money do you have?
Q::How did they get our phone number?
A::You have to give them your phone number or they won't let you go on the air.
Q::This is not a joke.  Thank God Victoria doesn't know.  It would really have hurt her feelings.
A::If she knew, she'd never forgive me.  It would be hopeless for the two of you.
Q::Do you like it?
A::I went camping once.  I love to brush my teeth in a brook and floss with a weed.
Q::Come on, Esperanza -- how about it? We got to.
A::No. No. I can't. If Ramn ever found me on a picket line ...
Q::Mother of God ...have mercy ...
A::Have mercy on this child ... let this child live ...
Q::Four nights. How did you sleep?
A::We raised such a fuss they finally brought cots in.
Q::You mean you're ready to give up?
A::Who said anything about giving up? I'll never go back to the company on my knees. Never.
Q::The Junior Shop Stewards. There's lots of ways we can help.
A::Don't I have enough troubles without them shipping you off to reform school?
Q::I know, it's wrong. Just let me go. I'll leave town ... just let me go.
A::You think I was going to work you over? I wouldn't dirty my hands with you ...
Q::I guess I don't have a hell of a lot of choice.
A::Get used to it.  You're in a very tenuous position on the food chain, hoss.
Q::It's not that easy.
A::Don't tell me, down deep he's really not a bad person and you don't want to see him get hurt.
Q::Maybe I am dealing with it.
A::I know it's not my place to pass judgement on you but ...
Q::Why does it have to feel so bad?
A::You're brain is in reverse mode ... cutting off your supply of dopamine. Here.  Have a beer.
Q::So, why'd you want to see me?
A::Business.  I need to leave town and I find myself in dire need of some cash.
Q::What?
A::You. You're smooth. You use words like dire and shit.  You got language skills, man.
Q::First you want me to ask for directions, then you don't.  Which is it?
A::I wanted you to ask back there.  You know, before you got us lost.
Q::Jackson?
A::Hell, no, last time I shot a corporal, Cap'n Miller near bit my head off.
Q::You know what the best possible thing that could happen is?
A::Yep, you step on a rusty nail, get lockjaw, never say another word as long as you live.
Q::You?  Leading a squad?
A::Some private up there lost three brothers, got a ticket home.
Q::What are we going to do?
A::We're going to hope like hell the tanks were on their way somewhere else.
Q::Maybe.  But what if he dies on the way back?  you see what I'm saying, sir?  The best possible situation is, he's dead, we find his body, more or less intact, we grab one of his dog-tags and high-tail it back to the beach, or better yet, we head over to Caen and catch up with division.
A::Has anyone ever told you, you're officer material?
Q::I'd like to go, sir.
A::No, private, I want you to stay here, keep your head down, don't do anything brave or stupid.
Q::Don't do that again.
A::I won't need to sir, it's already here, behind the barricade so...
Q::Doesn't move.  He just stares at Sarge's body.
A::Looks at Miller, sees him growing weak, starting to sway.  He gently tries to move Miller aside.
Q::Just come down to my place of business, for god's sake.  I have people here.
A::Mr Court, be aware that we will be contacting a number of your business associates...
Q::The, uh, Cynthia Branson estate was worth how much?  Because her family...
A::What family?  We never heard from them.  I sold her house for them, made them money.
Q::I can't give you that.  This guy's been ripping off grandma and grandpa for seventeen years.  He's been getting it from every end.  I'd love to hear his story.
A::One hundred thousand dollar fine and three months?
Q::Visit her at the home.
A::I'm not going back there.  I don't even know who you're talking about.
Q::Lloyd?
A::Dad, yes.  And I'm scared to death of what you must think of me right now.
Q::Honey, about what?
A::You stole from them, you lied to me.  How do you think that's supposed to make me feel?
Q::Alright, alright.  Go ahead.  When I'm old, give me someone like me, but go ahead.
A::I trusted you.  I stood up in court five years ago and I picked you.
Q::Why are you being so hateful to me?  Is this because of Lloyd?
A::No.  I told you everything, you lied to me.  I would have done anything for you.
Q::This is me telling you about me.
A::You know, I don't even know if you've got a young man in your life?
Q::Thank-you.
A::I hereby surrender my duties as keymaster, give me a beer.
Q::After work?
A::I usually have a break after the dinner service, if you want to stop by.
Q::What do you want?
A::My father's guilty.  He lied to me, he lied to everybody.  I just left home... I need you.
Q::Okay.
A::So when you hear the smoking sign go 'ding', you know everything's going to be okay.
Q::Good to know.
A::Right, I'm just going to keep talking until that ding happens, which is going to be soon.
Q::She can't still be angry at this, it's gotta get better.
A::It does, it does if it's the version signed 'I still can't help loving you'.  Read that.
Q::He looks great, though, doesn't he? I have to know - where do you get a suit like that?  what is that, silk?  It's great.
A::I'd say I'd get you one but the guy who made it, he's probably dead, I don't know.
Q::Every day that goes by, I'm losing money. Every worker that is shot, costs me money - I have to get somebody else, I have to train them -
A::We're going to be making so much money, none of this is going to matter -
Q::Yeah, all right, don't tell me, I'll go along with it, it's just irritating to me I can't figure it out.
A::All you have to do is tell me what it's worth to you.  What's a person worth to you.
Q::Where are the guards?
A::The guards aren't allowed on the factory floor. They make my workers nervous.
Q::He doesn't deserve your loyalty.  More important, he's not worth you making threats against us.
A::Did I threaten anybody here?  I stated a simple fact.
Q::What?
A::There's a machinist outside who'd like to thank you personally for giving him a job.
Q::What's he done that's so bad - take money? That's a crime?  Come on, what are we here for, to fight a war?  We're here to make money, all of us.
A::There's taking money and there's taking money, you know that.  He's taking money.
Q::We know that, son.
A::The killer was trying to get to her. That sorority girl was a distraction.
Q::We don't know if it's random. We haven't been able to connect the victims.
A::The first two were stabbed without thought. The sorority girl was gutted with autopsy precision.
Q::No, some creep asshole trying to scare me.
A::It's hell week. Chill. The movie murders have brought out the crazies. It's nothing.
Q::Yeah, were trying to send a message to Hollywood. Im really getting tired of all the happy endings. Its just not reality. In the real world the good guys die, the innocent are punished, and the murderers inherit the earth.
A::But nobody wants to see that. Itll never go. Theyll rewrite you. You dont want that.
Q::You weren't supposed to leave her alone.
A::I didn't say she was alone. That guy-- from her home town showed up. They went off together.
Q::He seemed harmless.
A::Aren't most serial killers seemingly harmless?
Q::He sent me the cutest e-mail.
A::I read her postings on the horror movie chat boards and fell hopelessly. Hook, line...
Q::A verdict and premiere all on the same day. I love it.
A::Were hoping for the death penalty. I have this whole DEAD MAN WALKING swan song exit planned.
Q::..this week's TKE kegger...
A::Ne ask that you sell individual squares of toilet paper for a mere nickel a piece.
Q::Oh that's right. Those poor poor people. God Ben Damon was such a hottie.
A::And that CICI chick wasn't that bad either but I'm really concerned about my safety now.
Q::Alright Kincaid, no where to?
A::I go to the police station and do my job, and you go back to being Gale Weathers.
Q::What are you doing here? I told you to stay hidden! It's not safe for you up here.
A::Well it's not safe for me up there either. The killer found me Dewey. He called me last night.
Q::Stop following me.
A::I happen to work for the police god dammit!
Q::Look who's talking Moneybags. You got more homes than I do.
A::Oh I wish I got that one on tape. It'd put a smile on my face everytime I'm down.
Q::All right, since I got you on the phone, let's talk about your character.
A::What character?  I'm Candy, the chick who gets killed second.  I'm only in two scenes!
Q::I want to finish what I started. I want to finish the game.
A::You sick fuck I'm tracing this call as we speak! The police are gonna nail your ass!
Q::Yeah, it was edited for TV. All the good stuff was cut out and I started thinking about us and how two years ago, we started off kinda hot and heavy, a nice solid "R" rating on our way to an NC17. And how things have changed and, lately, we're just sot of... edited for television.
A::So you thought you could sneak in my window and we would have a little bump-bump.
Q::Hello.
A::I'm sorry. I guess I dialed the wrong number.
Q::How do you know his name?
A::Go to the back door and turn on the porch light -- again.
Q::Boy, you people sure do make fuss over a serial killer.
A::Serial killer is not really accurate, ma'am. The killer has yet to strike twice.
Q::So is Dewey your real name?
A::Dwight. Dewey was something I got stuck with a long time ago.
Q::They're pulling Loomis' account. But it'll be morning before we see something. You think he did it?
A::Twenty years ago I woulda said not a chance. But these kids today... damn if I know.
Q::Jesus, this place is packed.
A::We had a run in the mass murder section.
Q::She's saving herself for you.
A::Could be. Now that Billy's tried to mutilate her, you think Sid would go out with me?
Q::Thank you.  Tell them, thank you.
A::We figure you need all the tools you can get to fix up that piece of shit you call a house.
Q::What do you mean?
A::I mean, at this point, what would it hurt if you told us a little about yourself?
Q::You wouldn't because you know there are consequences.  It's in those eyes of yours, though... nothing wrong with a man taking pleasure in his work.  I won't deny my own personal desire to turn each sin against the sinner.  I only took their sins to logical conclusions.
A::You only killed a bunch of innocent people so you could get your rocks off.  That's all.
Q::I... I don't follow.
A::All this effort you've made to get transferred, it's the first question that pops into my head.
Q::You've never seen "The Odd Couple?"  This is sick.  "The Honeymooners?!"
A::I vaguely recall a large, angry man, and someone called Norton.
Q::Our guy got into office, probably before the building closed and security tightened up.  Gould must have been working late.
A::I'm certain.  He was the biggest defense lawyer around.  Infamous, actually.
Q::Never in my twenty-four years, knock on wood.  I've only ever taken my gun out five times with the actual intention of using it.  Never fired it though.  Not once.  You?
A::Never took a bullet.  I pulled my gun once. fired it once.
Q::The way this has gone till now, I wouldn't have thought it was possible, but we may have underestimated this guy.
A::I want him bad.  I don't just want to catch him anymore.  I want to hurt him.
Q::How do those cockroaches get here so quick?
A::They pay cops for the inside scoop, and they pay well.
Q::No dates indicated, placed on the shelves in no discernible order.  It's just his mind poured out on paper.  I don't think it's going to give us any specifics.
A::Looking around... I've got a bad feeling these murders are his life's work.
Q::He's preaching.
A::These murders are his masterwork.  His sermon to all of us.  To all us sinners.
Q::The irony is, after a day of the type of work he did, he'd come home and read me these morbid crime stories.  Murders in the Rue Morgue.  Le Fanu's Green Tea.  My mother would give him hell because he was keeping me up till all hours.
A::Sounds like a father who wanted his son to follow in his footsteps.
Q::You think you're preparing me for the hard times ahead?  You think you're toughening me up?  Well, you're not!  You're quitting, fine... but I'm staying.
A::People don't want a champion.  They just want to keep playing the lottery and eating hamburgers.
Q::Don't worry.  I don't wear it at the dinner table.
A::No matter how often I see guns, I still can't get used to them.
Q::But Mose Harper said...
A::That old goat still creakin' around?...Whyn't someone bury him?
Q::I didn't give any order to fire!
A::That's all right, Captain...I don't need any formal invitation to kill a Comanch...
Q::If there's anything I can do, sir...
A::God forbid...No, son, you flog on back and tell your pa where we're at...and where he's at...
Q::Scar? Never heard of any Chief Scar.
A::Me neither...But this buck claimed he was a big war chief with the Nawyecky Comanches.
Q::And maybe you lie...
A::In that case you won't find her -- and I won't get my thousand dollars.
Q::I'm a woman, Martie...  We wash and mend your dirty clothes all our lives...When you're little we even wash <U>you</U>....How a man can ever make out to get bashful in front of a woman I'll never know...
A::You talk like a feller might just as leave run around nekkid...
Q::I...I wrote you a letter...Reckon you didn't get it...
A::One letter in five years...I read it till the paper dried up and the writing faded out...
Q::Maybe the antenna's broken.
A::We're probably lucky that we even have running water and electricity! Damned box!
Q::Look at this!  We'll have to fix the whole wiring.  This stuff is dangerous as hell.
A::We'll call for someone from town first thing in the morning.
Q::Where are you going?
A::Well, if you won't let me smoke grass, then at least I'll go get myself some cigarettes.
Q::Maybe I should talk to Dr. Roth about it.
A::Hey, take your time.  You know time heals better than any shrink ever can.
Q::Now, what did I do to deserve this?
A::Come on, at least try one.  It took me two hours to make these.
Q::Where have you been all day?
A::I went to see Prof. Roth!  You know, I had another one of those dreams last night.  I saw Tommi!
Q::Do yourself a favor:  Don't ask.
A::I appreciate your concern, but we live in that house.  I need to know what happened in there.
Q::Listen, it's one thing to have a guilt complex. But I know the difference between when I'm overstrung and when I'm seeing things that are simply not there! Besides, it only began after we moved!
A::There is, of course, another possible explanation which I dearly hope is not the case.
Q::What?
A::I think I've killed him.  Martin, my husband, I've killed him!  That is, I'm not sure, but...
Q::Hey, my man!  How's the masterpiece coming along?
A::Not so bad, if I could get some peace and quiet around here.
Q::WillWhere is Mercutio?
A::Locked safe in here. I leave the scene in your safe keeping, Ned, I have a sonnet to write.
Q::Ohwhat have I done?
A::He was the first man among us. A great light has gone out.
Q::We are at least six men short, and those we have will be overparted, ranters and stutterers who should be sent back to the stews. My Romeo has let me down. I see disaster.
A::We are at least four acts short, Will, if you are looking for disaster.
Q::It is customary to make a little speech on the first day. It does no harm and authors like it.
A::You want to know what parts you are to receive. All will be settled as we go
Q::"But new struck nine."
A::"Ay me, sad hours seem long. Was that my father that went hence so fast?"
Q::Speak out! I know who I am. Do you love stories of kings and queens? Feats of arms? Or is it courtly love?
A::I love theatre. To have stories acted for me by a company of fellows is indeed
Q::But your voice  Have they dropped?
A::No, no, a touch of cold only. We suspect he is lying but WILL has turned away.
Q::I would not for the world!
A::I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes; And but thou love me, let them find me here.
Q::But fearful of her virtue, she comes to him dressed as a boy
A::and thus unable to declare her love
Q::Good morning, my lord!
A::Ah! My lady! The tide waits for no man, but I swear it would wait for you!
Q::Your name?
A::Thomas Kent. I would like to do a speech by a writer who commands the heart of every player.
Q::And her lips?
A::Oh, Thomas, her lips! The early morning rose would wither on the branch, if it could feel envy!
Q::I don't know them.
A::And if I told you their car was parked outside, would that surprise you?
Q::No, not that I recall, I was asleep.
A::Have you seen anything or anyone suspicious around here in the last few days?
Q::Two hundred pounds.
A::You paid two hundred pounds for this?
Q::Shall I answer it?
A::No, just leave it. He knows I must be at home. I'm working nights this week.
Q::Same as everyone else.
A::But in your work you must meet lots of different people, every day -- new people, new faces. No?
Q::I thought you said you weren't going anywhere.
A::I'm not. I mean I've gotta see this friend of mine for a few minutes.
Q::Jackie... Jackie?... answer me, for God's sake, answer me.
A::If you knew how many times I wanted to hear you say that...
Q::Yeah?...
A::She's murdered her hair... you do something with her, I'm never going to touch her again.
Q::I know, honey.
A::Maybe I should get a dog... no, it would just shit all over the house and I'd never clean it up.
Q::What?
A::I think you're going to hit that car in front of us.
Q::Sort of.
A::I see. You mean he just sort of fucks you.
Q::Well, you know Doc, when something happens it can leave a trace of itself behind... say like is someone burns toast.
A::Well, maybe things that happened... leave other kinds of traces behind.
Q::I won't make any noise.
A::Come on, Doc.  He only went to bed a few hours ago.  Can't you wait till later?
Q::Tony.
A::Did Tony's first appearance happen to coincide with your arrival here?
Q::She eh... interferes.
A::Perhaps they need a good talking to, if you don't mind my saying so. Perhaps a bit more.
Q::Good evening, Mr. Halloran.  What can I do for you?
A::Sir, I've been trying to make an urgent phone call up there,
Q::Have any trouble finding us?
A::Oh, no problem at all.  I made the trip in three and a half hours.
Q::Well, obviously some people can be
A::put off by the idea of staying alone in a place where something like that actually happened.
Q::We can accommodate up to three hundred people here very comfortably.
A::Boy, I bet you we could really have a good party in this room, huh hon?
Q::No one knows how cancer begins, either- or exactly what it is- but people still believe in it.
A::The kid is eleven years old and already he sounds like a Jesuit. A French Jesuit.
Q::So have I, actually... I wish it could always be like this.
A::See me around to my car, Marty, and make sure I stay out of trouble at least that long.
Q::For the first time in I don't know how long.  I wanted everything done right. Open and above board.  I told Father Antonelli I was in love.  I told him it was a special love, for all the ages.
A::You said that?  And what did he say? Did he say you could leave her?  Did he say we'd be happy?
Q::Cool.  Is there a menu?  Or buffet?
A::Before we do, you might like to freshen up.  And you'll certainly want to change
Q::Mary Robert's life was in danger! Your behavior was inexcusable!
A::I know!  I'm sorry   I didn't mean for it to happen!  And I was the one they were shooting at!
Q::You and I know that life is not so simple.  There will be disappointments. Rude shocks.  And you will have vanished. How... fortunate.
A::Okay, so I just got things started.  But you could build on that.  You could keep it going.
Q::From Vince?  What a guy.  Doo-lang, doo- lang.
A::At least he's not a cop.  At least he can afford a decent gift.
Q::When are you gonna get off my case? Have you got a search warrant?  What do you want -- cheap thrills?
A::Information, baby.  I thought maybe somebody around here might have a conscience.
Q::Eddie!  You scared the hell out of me!
A::What if I was Vince?  You'd be dead right now.  What are you doing giving interviews on TV?
Q::Are you going to shoot us all, tough guy?
A::Is it worth it?  A lot of witnesses here.
Q::I don't understand.  Where is she?
A::Her whereabouts are unknown, and we must proceed without her.  Pull yourselves together.
Q::Constable Crane is not the only one who fights with science on his side.
A::I fired upon the Horseman and the bullet did nothing.
Q::Why not tell us what you have heard? Hmm?  How much have your superiors bothered to tell you?
A::All I know is three are slain, their heads found severed from their bodies...
Q::It is sacrilege!
A::I cannot proceed without examining the previous victims.
Q::Your superiors are two days away!
A::Then, you should have left two days ago, because I have men willing to help me today.
Q::He will be burned pursuant to statutes of health.
A::I could determine if he were dead <u>before</u> he went into the Hudson.
Q::Very few, if any.
A::Even though I have seen confessions pried from the lips of the accused, often quite literally?
Q::Tell me something.  What becomes of Young Masbath?
A::Van Ripper and his wife agreed to take him.  They have children and a good home and good land.
Q::Follow the Indian trail to where the sun dies.  To the tree of the dead.  Maybe we passed it by.
A::How could something named "the tree of the dead" fail to draw attention?
Q::My father had farm land.  It was the only thing we owned of any value.
A::And it now belongs to you, according to Baltus.  I heard him say it.
Q::Is it me, or are you this nervous around all women?
A::Perhaps it is because your suitor's hands were recently very nearly wrapped around my throat.
Q::He has proposed to me twice.
A::Which may explain his temperament. To have asked twice means the answer was "no" at least once.
Q::Very well.  But, it will only sit gathering dust.
A::That would be a pity.  Those words might show you something you've never seen before.
Q::Why would you do such a thing?
A::No stone may be left unturned.  It may appear harsh...
Q::What is it then?  Scientific method? How can any of this matter in the slightest?
A::I have no solution for its meaning yet, but I could not just ignore it.
Q::Use caution.
A::Do you know... I think those are the first words I have heard from you my entire time here.
Q::Thank ye.
A::Now it's minimal wage and there ain't nothin' but a army cot and a toilet back there.
Q::He won't steal. I'm tellin' you he's a pretty good ol' boy. Keeps to himself.
A::Well, I've got a roomful of work for him to do. Can't get Scooter to do any of it.
Q::I got a mama, but she's at work over at Ben's Dollar Store. My daddy's dead.  He got hit by a train.
A::How fer you going with them sacks full of warsh?
Q::You're not stayin' here tonight. Go get sober before you come back. I'm tired of my child seein' this. Now you get yourself straight or I'll lock your ass out of my life for good.
A::You know what I told you, you even think of leavin' me, I'll kill you dead as a doornail.
Q::I ain't sure.
A::You might want to find out. He might of hacked his family to pieces with a hatchet or somethin'.
Q::Do you like to play football?
A::I never was much count at it. I never did get picked out fer it.
Q::How do you know?
A::He never did want to. I figure he ain't changed his mind much.
Q::Where'd you get them flowers?
A::That gal that made employee of the month give 'em to me for awalkin' with her.
Q::Boy, folks sure had it rough back a long time ago, didn't they?
A::Yeah, I reckon they did. Hit like to tore me up when I read about that pore little cripple boy.
Q::I ain't got no money to get 'em with but I bet Vaughan will let me have some of them flowers at the store.
A::I bet he will. I got a little money if he don't. I'll get 'em for ye.
Q::'Cause it's fun. It don't matter if you ain't no good. It takes your mind off of everything else while you're doin' it. When you run real fast tryin' to make a touchdown you don't think about anything else. I ain't no good, but my daddy always said he was proud of me when I threw a ball or ran with it. Did you have any brothers and sisters growin' up to play with?
A::I had one there for little bit. Hit didn't get old enough to play with.
Q::Huh?
A::Is everything gonna be all right someday? I just stay nervous all the time just about.
Q::Well, you can't do that. You're a free man. You've been let out to do as you please.
A::I reckon I don't care nothin' about bein' a free man. I don't know how to go about it.
Q::No, I mean your past. About why you were in here.  I'll take you first thing in the mornin'. You have anyplace you can stay tonight at all? I just can't let you stay here. It's the rules. If something happened well, I'd be liable.
A::I reckon I can just walk around till the mornin'. Or set and read me a book somewhere.
Q::But, here's the thing. He'll only talk to you. He doesn't want you to ask him anything. And you shouldn't stare at him.
A::How am I going to conduct an interview if I can't ask him any questions?
Q::Will he be supervised?
A::As much as anybody else is, I guess. Y'all have a good rest of the day now.
Q::No! At least I don't think I am!
A::Good. Then may I have the honor of extending an invitation to you?
Q::And the bookstore? Have you been working there long?
A::It's just a summer job. Something to help pay the bills while I finish my dissertation.
Q::What'll it be, Auggie?
A::Uh...  My friend over here would like a corned beef on rye and a ginger ale.
Q::It's yours?
A::It's mine all right. I've owned that little sucker for a long time.
Q::How'd you get started?
A::Taking pictures?  It's a long story. I'd need two or three drinks to get through that one.
Q::I spoke to his aunt a couple of days ago, but she hasn't heard from him either. It's beginning to get a little scary.
A::That could be a good sign, though. It could mean that he got away.
Q::It was a good deed, Auggie. It was a nice thing you did for her.
A::I lied to her, and then I stole from her. I don't see how you can call that a good deed.
Q::Good old Frank. And how is fat Mr. Grease Monkey these days?
A::Who the hell knows?  He dropped out of sight fifteen years ago.
Q::It was the only way, Auggie. Otherwise, she wasn't going to let me see her.
A::I think you'd better stop the car and let me out.
Q::I should stop smoking these damn things is what I should do. The fuckers are going to kill me one day.
A::Enjoy it while you can, Vin. Pretty soon, they're going to legislate us out of business anyway.
Q::Suit yourself. But don't keep the boxes around here long.
A::They come in, they go out. I've got it planned to the last detail.
Q::Definitely. I'd say you've hit the nail on the head.
A::Good. Keep it up, and maybe one day you'll grow up and become a great man like me. 
Q::So I can get my job back.
A::Your job? You've got five thousand bucks. What do you want a piece-of-shit job like that for?
Q::His father walked out on his mother a couple of months after he was born. Louisa was Henry's younger sister, and she and the baby moved in with us. Four or five years go by, and then one day Cyrus shows up out of the blue, tail between his legs, wanting to patch things up with Louisa. I thought Henry was going to tear Cyrus apart when he saw him walk through the door. They're both big men, those two, and if they ever started to tangle, you'd see some teeth jumping on the floor. I guarantee it ... So Cyrus persuaded Louisa to go out with him to talk things over in quiet. And the poor girl never came back.
A::You mean she just ran off with him and left her little boy behind?
Q::I don't know. Hello, Mom. Hello, Dad. Something like that.
A::I don't got no daddy, you dig? I got born last week when some dog fucked you up the ass.
Q::Sure. He's the guy who threw his cloak down over the puddle.
A::I used to smoke Raleigh cigarettes. They came with a free gift coupon in every pack.
Q::I'm sorry I messed up. You've been very kind to me ...  But all good things have to come to an end, right?
A::No hard feelings, okay? It's a small place, and I can't get my work done with you around.
Q::Here we are.  Rembrandt's drawings. Edward Hopper. Van Gogh's letters.
A::Pick two or three. Now that the coffers are open, you might as well take advantage of me.
Q::You have one hell of a knack for getting into trouble, don't you?  So how much does it come to?
A::Six thousand dollars. Five thousand eight hundred and fourteen dollars, to be exact.
Q::Yeah, well, you have to be nuts to do what you did. If you want my opinion, you should give this money back to the Creeper. Just give it back and tell him you're sorry.
A::No way. There's no way I'm giving that money back. It's my money now.
Q::You'll do it, all right. You fuck up, you've got to undo the damage. That's how it works, buster. If you don't do it, I'm going to throw you out of here. Do you understand me? If you don't pay Auggie what you owe him. I'm finished with you.
A::I pay Auggie, and I've got nothing. Eight hundred bucks and a ticket to Shit City.
Q::None.
A::Well, if the blood got <u>onto</u> the gaff by crushing a man's skull...
Q::You thought the deceased might... break his promise?
A::Of course not.  We're just not quick to run and boast.  In case something went wrong.
Q::They only arrested that poor soul because he's Japanese.
A::Seattle boys think he's guilty.  They say the evidence is rock solid.
Q::Robbed.  He was angry.
A::Oh, yeh.  He said someday he would get his land back.
Q::You mean, early morning the 16th?
A::No, night of the 16th, morning the 17th.  We replaced two guys named Miller and Milholland.
Q::Never shoulda given you that inventory in the first place.
A::It's public record.  If the public cares enough to read it.
Q::Bet there's a few things you could teach me.  Kendo, for one.
A::Sure.  I could take a fishing gaff and split your head open. Right above your left ear.
Q::I believe so.
A::Now you've testified that the deceased was a heavy man, and hard to bring out of the net.
Q::That's <u>why</u> the autopsy report identifies <u>drowning</u> as the cause of death.
A::Meaning that he wasn't murdered first, say on the deck of the boat, and then thrown overboard.
Q::Yes, Sue?  What is it?
A::I thought I made it clear I don't want any drinking in this outfit.
Q::But suppose he loses?
A::What are you worried about?  This job is going to last a long time.
Q::With me?
A::Don't you remember?  He has this bad tooth - it got impacted - the whole jaw swole up -
Q::No.  And he ain't been eating so good, either. He's got an empty stomach and it's gone to his head.
A::But, Joe - three weeks in Florida!  We could borrow some clothes from the girls in the chorus -
Q::What are you doing?
A::I just want to make sure that honey stays in the hive.  There'll be no buzzing around tonight.
Q::Blow where?
A::You promised - the minute we hit Florida, we were going to beat it.
Q::Tell him you get seasick on a yacht. Play miniature golf with him.
A::Oh, no.  I'm not getting caught in a miniature sand trap with that guy.
Q::Here you are, Sugar.
A::A bunch of us girls are going for a swim. Want to come along?
Q::Sugar, dear - let me give you some advice. If I were a girl - and I am - I'd watch my step.
A::If I'd been watching my step, I never would have met him.  Wait till I tell Josephine.
Q::Did he get fresh?
A::Of course not.  As a matter of fact, it was just the other way around.  You see he needs help.
Q::What for?
A::And talk about elegant - you should see the yacht - candlelight - mint sauce and cranberries.
Q::I always did.
A::Junior gave it to me.  It must have at least thirty stones -
Q::Thirty-four.
A::He's going to South America to marry some other girl - that's what they call high finance.
Q::We got it second-hand.
A::All right - lets take it from the top. And put a little heat under it, will you?
Q::Why?
A::I only come ashore twice a day - when the tide goes out.
Q::One of whom?
A::Shell Oil, Junior.  He's got millions - he's got glasses - and he's got a yacht.
Q::Where's your shell collection?
A::Yea, of course.  Now where could they have put it?  On Thursdays, I'm sort of lost around here.
Q::Don't talk like that.  I'm sure there must be some girl some place that could -
A::If I ever found a girl that could - I'd marry her like that.
Q::Where did you learn to kiss like that?
A::Oh, you know - Junior League - charity bazaars - I used to sell kisses for the Milk Fund.
Q::Daphne -
A::He was the first nice guy I ever met in my life - and the only one who ever gave me anything.
Q::I don't know what you're talking about.
A::So now I got all those coffins on my hands - and I hate to see them go to waste.
Q::You know what I love about all this?
A::Theres finally a reason for the whole world to revolve around you?
Q::That was a long time ago.
A::It was. And it took your sister getting married to get you back here.
Q::Like fifteen.
A::Dad made me go over and apologize the next day.
Q::You're a friendly lady, Miss Johnson.
A::And you're a tired little boy. I'll make up the cot and you must get some sleep.
Q::Well, you shouldn't worry about him too much, David.
A::What do I tell my mama when I get home? I didn't find him and that's what I wanted to do.
Q::Do you think he's dead, Daddy?
A::Naww -- he'll come back to you, soon as his wounds heal. This cake shore is tasty, son.
Q::Mama! Mama! Miss Boatwright, say she gon' help me find where Daddy is!
A::Good! But you don't have to tell the whole valley 'bout it! You'll get that woman in trouble!
Q::If they heard me sing like this up North I'd be richer than the man I sharecrop for.
A::And if they saw me pitch the way I did today -- they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth!
Q::The clitoris?! I DID IT!! I FOUND THE CLITORIS!!
A::Stan, your friends need you. They are in trouble and you must help them.
Q::Dude, how can you hate the environment?
A::'Cuz, dude, it's all sticky and airy and fragile and stuff. I fucking hate it.
Q::Man, that movie gets better every time I see it!
A::Yeah, but you know what? That whole part about lighting farts is bullshit. You can't do that.
Q::I can't believe he's dead.
A::Yeah, I'm having total deja vu right now. Like this has all happened before...
Q::But they fucking didn't do anything wrong!
A::Yeah!  And what rim job expert went and outlawed Cheesy Poofs!?
Q::Eric!  Don't talk to Ms. Brovlofski that way!
A::But mom!  I'm not fucking addicted to fucking bad language!  I don't have a fucking problem!
Q::Now listen carefully. Stan and Kyle, you stand watch here and await my return. If any guards come by, make a sound like a dying giraffe.
A::What's a dying giraffe sound like?
Q::We must take action on this immediately.
A::Ooh yes. I think we'll have to give detention to those boys.
Q::But I-
A::You are officially relieved of your duties as principal of this school!
Q::Phillip, we've been tricked and ambushed by The Conan O'Brian Show!!
A::This little scrotum sucker willfully deceived us!  You are a bad man!
Q::Fight the power!
A::The young boy that died lit himself on fire. It was unfortunate, but how can they blame US?
Q::Where the hell did you come from?
A::Hello second mate Barnes. I was instructed to come to the bridge.
Q::Yes I'm sure I hit the right commands.
A::Why don't you reset and run it again.  The pods check out ok.
Q::Why, didn't they say?
A::Well that hotel begins construction in January, there's going to be a lot of shuttle work.
Q::Well...I don't mind.  I can put up with it.  I'm taking six months off after this, and I won't have to deal with people snapping their fingers at me.
A::Not me.  I'm in for the long haul. In nine months I'll have enough to take a few years off.
Q::Oh my God.  What happened?
A::The room is filled with poison gas.  The hydraulic system must have blown.
Q::But how are you going to escape?
A::Don't worry about me.  There's still a chance I can issue a distress signal.
Q::I haven't quite made up my mind yet.
A::I'll tell you what you're gonna do.  You're gonna stay put like Taylor said.
Q::Yes I know all that.  Mac, I need you to help us out with a little technical problem.
A::Certainly.  I have a full working knowledge of the ships operations.
Q::Yeah but the ship's mainframe doesn't. I need you to tell it something.
A::Alteration of my central processing unit should be done only by an authorized service dealer.
Q::How is it looking, Mac?
A::I would recommend a maintenance crew in this sector.
Q::Heh, heh, heh.
A::You said it would be unethical to help me. You call dwarf bowling ethical!
Q::What do you think I can do?
A::I need a sponsor to get my sanction card back. Where I come from, you're the king.
Q::She thinks someone's trying to kill you.
A::I couldn't pay someone enough to try to kill me. Sheila comes over to take their orders.
Q::What about bowling?
A::Bowling died for me years ago. Besides, I'm a living dead legend. I'm a hero.
Q::It depends.
A::It feels good to let it out, doesn't it? Sheila leans over and whispers furiously to her father.
Q::This is a vicious cycle.
A::I think that a motorbike is one of the last really free things that people can do.
Q::Isn't this technically a scooter?
A::When I'm on my bike I feel like a wild person.  Better than any sex I've ever had.
Q::Why were you suspended?
A::I used to be kind of wild. They used to call me the bad boy of bowling.
Q::Yeah, but they're all little wannabes. I'm looking for a professional man.
A::I may not be a pro bowler, but I'm no amateur man. Sheila moves closer to Theo.
Q::Where are you going?
A::I think your brother may have already gotten to Buzz. He gets into his car.
Q::Theo, Buzz is dead.
A::I didn't come this far to bury a guy that's not my dad. He owes me.
Q::You guys got something going on downstairs?
A::We provide some extracurricular activities for the senior citizens in the community.
Q::Not everything.  Even on earth.  Take ... yeasts.
A::Yeasts?  Thank you, Beth, but I don't think we're gonna open it up and find a loaf of bread.
Q::But you've tested it?
A::Sure.  Each time it started fires inside the habitat.
Q::The one you recommended.  In the ULF report you wrote for the Bush administration.
A::ULF report?  Nobody's mentioned that in years.  You mean someone actually read it?
Q::You can't just leave Harry down here, sir.
A::I told you people, nobody goes anywhere unless I say.
Q::At the time, I don't know, I thought putting her on the list -- it might help her career -- catch her a break.
A::You knowingly recommended a woman with suicidal tendencies for a government operation --
Q::What for?
A::If something should happen to us, the Navy will at least have partial records of what happened.
Q::You think he killed Edmunds?
A::Yes, I do.  Whatever's out there, I think is his response to us refusing to talk to him earlier.
Q::So?  What's the problem?
A::It's nonsense.  There's enough difference between our own species to prove that.
Q::A half a mile long?
A::The wing dimension alone is larger that any aircraft we've seen.
Q::What <u>about</u> a crowbar?
A::What if we go out there, you know -- wedge a crowbar in the door and pry the thing open.
Q::Time travel.  I always thought it was one of those myths... like Santa's reindeer.
A::What would we be working on in the future that would make us want to come back?
Q::I want a name.  A real name.  This thing's full name, rank and serial number.
A::Captain, I personally feel we should ask much more substantive questions --
Q::Getting food.  We were out of food. what's wrong?  You sound mad.
A::Yeah, well, I get that way when I'm facing death and someone deserts me.
Q::The refridgerator.
A::It's a pretty common place to look for food when you don't think you have any.
Q::A synthetic opium analogue.
A::Does it cause drowsiness?  That's all we need.  To get him unconscious -- put him under.
Q::You don't think I put something in it, do you?
A::You put explosives around the habitat, I can't imagine what you'd put in a drink.
Q::What are you looking for?
A::A light switch.  A button opened that door -- the craft runs on some sort of power.
Q::Not a clue.
A::A sign that the builders knew time travel through a black hole was possible.
Q::You remember opening the door?
A::You were all supposed to leave.  You weren't supposed to stay down here.
Q::You want to put him on your couch, Norman.  Grill him about his childhood?
A::When he uses a phrase like "I am Happy", I think we should think twice about what we ask him.
Q::I'll get the information.
A::... and I want you to start cleaning the equipment out of the scan- shielded compartments.
Q::Who are you anyway?
A::You might say I'm part of the landscape here.  They call me Ben Kenobi.
Q::You were right.  It is my responsibility.  The Force of Others brought the message to you and then it brought you to me.
A::My father used to talk about the Force of Others.  But he never told me what it was...
Q::But she's a member of The Twelve Families.  How can they hold her?
A::These are doubtful times.  The Empire has grown bold in its disregard of the...
Q::We must hurry to the base.  We have little time before the Death Star arrives.
A::I'd like to get paid before that eventually.  I don't plan to stick around for the fireworks.
Q::Enough!  I already know about the data you've intercepted, but its' too late.  Whatever information you've gathered will be destroyed... You will come to know such suffering as only the Master of the Bogan Force can provide...
A::You'll get no information from me. You have no authority... the council can't hold me!
Q::You'll check the condensing unit first... and you're not going to bed until those 'droids' are completely cleaned up...
A::But you promised!  I've saved enough money and now you have the extra help ... you promised!
Q::According to my father's tapes, this is the spot where General Kenobi lives, but the instruments just don't match up with the landscape... There is no doubt about it, we're lost...
A::If you don't mind my saying so, sir, I don't see how anyone could live in this forsaken place.
Q::Are you safe?
A::For the moment.  We're in the main hangar.  Artoo is trying to plug into the system now.
Q::We'll take this high ground. Lookouts there and therte and up there. If the bugs come upstairs in this neighbor-hood, we'll be the first to know.
A::Got it. Fleet tactical wants to know where they can deploy the skimmers.
Q::Statistically speaking you should've accidentally guessed right by know.
A::In addition to "psychic dolt" this test also proves I'm unlucky ? Two of hearts.
Q::I hear they need a new Lieutenant... Want the job ?
A::I'll take it... until I get killed or you find someone better.
Q::I thought I was dead. Lucky for me you jokers showed up, eh ?
A::It wasn't luck. Rico ignored the mission objective to rescue you...
Q::Poor boy. I'm sorry your parents were so mad.
A::Who cares ! The Federation'll give me everything I need for the next two years, right ?
Q::Shhhh...!
A::I'm glad you're doing so well. If they haven't made you squad leader by now, I'm sure you will.
Q::Report.
A::Captain, we are in the path of an unidentified object moving at near light speed...
Q::Planet P ? What kind of name is that ?
A::They ran out of names a long time ago in this part of the galaxy.
Q::Johnny, people get hurt... people get killed in the Federal Service. If something happened to you I don't know what I would do...
A::Who gave you this idea ? It's that teacher. What's his name ? You know the one I mean.
Q::Mr. Rasczak.
A::Rasczak... Silly name. There ought to be a law against using a school as a recruiting station !
Q::Geez, I don't think I've ever seen him smile.
A::Must fill your bottle up real quick when your wife and kids get smeared.
Q::Best in the Fleet !
A::I get it. This is the part that's best for both of us. Don't do me anymore favors, eh ?
Q::Kirk-unit, <U>why</U> do you not disclose information?
A::Because V'ger is going to destroy all the carbon units on the third planet.
Q::Then V'ger must withdraw its orbiting devices.
A::V'ger will comply if the carbon units disclose the information.
Q::Yes.
A::Carbon units have clearly retarded Enterprise's proper evolvement.
Q::What does that mean?
A::When my examination is complete, the carbon units will be reduced to data patterns.
Q::'To learn all that is learnable.'
A::It expects a return signal now, ordering it to transmit that information to the Creator.
Q::My experience -- five years out there dealing with unknowns like this -- my familiarity with the Enterprise, this crew...
A::Admiral, this is an almost totally new enterprise. You don't know her a tenth as well as I do.
Q::I advise caution, Captain; we can't withstand another attack.
A::That thing is twenty hours from Earth. We know nothing about it yet.
Q::The fault is here, sir, not in the transmission.  The antenna leads have been disconnected. V'ger never intended to accept a transmitted signal.
A::Capture God! In order to retrieve V'ger's data, the Creator has to physically come here!...
Q::Exactly.  And you did have a 'relationship' with Lieutenant Ilia, Commander.
A::That probe in there -- in a different form now -- is the same thing that <U>killed</U> Ilia!
Q::Navigational deflectors inoperative...!  Directional control also inoperative, Captain...!
A::Wormhole distortion has over- loaded main power systems...!
Q::Do <U>not</U> return scan, Mr. Spock! It may be misinterpreted as hostility!
A::Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un- known to me.
Q::Captain, I suspect there's an object at the heart of that cloud.
A::Mr. Decker, I will not provoke an attack, If that order isn't clear to you...
Q::If this is their ship's data banks, where is the crew? Or is their entire ship automated?
A::Captain, I do not believe there <U>is</U> a crew -- or that this is a vessel as such.
Q::... and the 'foolish' emotions which drive us?
A::I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.'
Q::Why aren't you on board?
A::Captain Decker requested I complete final Science briefing here before...
Q::Ever wonder why the dalmation's the symbol of the firehouse?
A::First organized fire department was on the border of Dalmatia and Sardinia in the year 642.
Q::Pelting down out there.
A::People might be better off.  They thought about it, spent the evening back in the...
Q::It'll hurt the box office.
A::They know what her tits look like.
Q::Then I hope you wouldn't tell anyone that I gave you this.
A::I wouldn't tell anyone anything that happened between me and somebody who was my friend.
Q::What?
A::You mean you need a witness in addition to White...?
Q::I'm gonna' bring it off.
A::55 days and I take home the camera. I got an idea for a <u>product</u> placement...
Q::Well, I've enjoyed it, too.  Any... any...<u>any</u> time...  What does the woman want from life...?
A::She wants eight hundred thousand dollars to show her tits.
Q::...not at all...
A::...we need the shooting permit for Main Street...
Q::What if he's kidnapped?
A::He's not kidnapped he's -- he's just hiding -- he's just -- BENNNN?  GODDAMMIT!
Q::You say that like I don't know that.
A::I once threw an entire bowl of jello on my stepmother's head --
Q::I'll call from work.  We can have a conference call.
A::You tried that last week and we were on hold forty-five minutes...
Q::However many.  It's not enough.
A::I'm already on thin ice.  Yesterday, I actually thought my boss was going to fire me.
Q::I know you, huh?  The car pools, he measles, the PTA.  It's not gonna be enough for you in the long run.  You have to think long term.
A::I just want to spend time with them when I'm not rushing or on the phone or tired or...
Q::You are lying, you never lost that kid for 4 <u>seconds</u>, you could find him from a <u>coma</u>, there is no WAY!
A::I was running around like a chicken with my head chopped off.  Doing my imitation of you.
Q::Just a babysitter -- I mean...you're working...
A::I can take them to work with me -- I can shift things around --
Q::Why in the world would she t...
A::You took a fishing trip with the boys. Liked it so much, you took another.
Q::No.  I'm doing it behind her back.
A::In seven years Jackie's never missed one of Tucker's parties. Where is she?
Q::Something came up.  C'mon Ben! I've got a shoot at three...
A::Tucker hasn't penned Ben's present yet -- it won't be too much longer.
Q::Which is it? You gotta keep your focus straight.
A::You're absolutely right. The focus is on the college admissions process today.
Q::That's good.
A::And I also agreed with what you said today about Marcus's story. It is a piece of shit.
Q::You have beautiful skin.
A::Thank you.  So Catherine seems like she might become a really good writer.
Q::Twenty-five-million!  And what will they do if the money isn't delivered?
A::Th-th-they'll kill one hostage every hour until it is--
Q::I don't know what hit us!  We had them trapped on the stairwell.  They could be anywhere now.
A::I now understand the expression "you get what you pay for!" A bunch of chumps!
Q::Is he with the girl?
A::I don't know--look!  They can get in now, man!  We got no one left to guard it!
Q::Good.
A::We have a special forces squadron out of Thailand surrounding the compound as we speak.
Q::This was taken when Richter was arrested in Washington state, 1985. He was charged with interstate arms trafficking, skipped bail, and has since been a fugitive.
A::Chemco is willing to deal with him, meet his demands.  I can have the money there in an hour.
Q::What's happening at the waterfront?
A::We're almost done piping in directly to the Olympia.  Should have it all in about an hour or so.
Q::Agreed--let's move it.
A::Are you hungry?  We can discuss some final arrangements over some slop in the galley.
Q::Please be calm, Ambassador De Sade.
A::You will not get away with this vicious attack on our peace-loving people.
Q::Damn you, de Sade!  You know as well as I do that this was the act of a mentally sick man - a single individual, whose crack-up can probably be traced to the strains and tensions caused by your country.
A::It is very convenient to place all the blame on a dead man.
Q::Surely, you don't expect us to destroy our weapons without being able to verify that you are doing the same?
A::And surely you don't expect us to let you spy in our country before you destroy your weapons.
Q::Sure I do.  There was some kind of mutiny on the base, and you killed General Ripper.
A::Look, General Ripper went off his rocker and ordered the 843rd Bomb Wing to attack with H-bombs.
Q::General Schmuck?
A::Yes, sir.  He issued attack orders to --
Q::Are you hard of hearing, Major?
A::No, sir.  Plan-R to be radioed to the Wing.
Q::That is correct, Major.
A::And a condition red means enemy attack in progress, doesn't it?
Q::I don't think so, sir.
A::He said war was too important a matter to be left to Generals.
Q::I suppose we might catch them off their guard.
A::Our missiles would impact before my planes were even discovered by the enemy, wouldn't they?
Q::I don't know, sir.  But they're just as anxious to avoid a nuclear war as we are. War just doesn't make sense any more, for anybody.
A::But war doesn't make sense precisely because the weapons can kill an entire country -- right?
Q::No, Major, I don't.  They have no regard for human life.  They wouldn't care if they lost their whole country as long as they won.
A::Gee, sir, that last remark doesn't exactly make all the sense in the world.
Q::Once the orders have been given, Plan-R requires any new orders to be received on the CRM-114 in the aircraft.  But the CRM-114 will not receive any transmissions unless they are preceded by the proper three-letter code group.
A::And I suppose you're going to tell me you don't know what the three-letter code is.
Q::Yes?
A::Well, sir, it looks like one aircraft, the "Leper Colony", failed to receive the recall.
Q::What's the target.
A::Well, the Premier doped it out pretty well. Its primary is their missile base at Laputa.
Q::You've lied to me twice - I'm sorry, but it will be strictly routine.  These men are experts.
A::Zlat, make sure the secret service boys care- fully search his seven body orifices.
Q::A through H is correct.
A::Main interference linked to electronic detector.  Fight interference on readi- ness state.
Q::Check.
A::Missile and plane flight path computer showing four greens.
Q::Check.
A::Zombies set to knock out local air defense four hundred miles from primary.
Q::Wing attack, Plan-R.  That's exactly what it says.
A::Check your code again.  No one at base would pull a stunt like that, Terry.
Q::Shoot, Lothar.
A::Our targets are a missile complex and an airfield - not cities, right?
Q::Check target approach.
A::Bomb doors circuit is green, bomb release circuit is green, bomb fusing circuit is green.
Q::What do you mean?
A::Well, we sure as hell aren't going home just because the enemy tells us to.
Q::I'm okay.  What's up?
A::Well, I hate to say this, but I think the bomb bay doors are stuck.
Q::Have you tried the emergency system?
A::I tried everything.  Something must have gotten bent or twisted from the pounding we took.
Q::Lothar, can you arm the bombs for impact?
A::But I TOLD YOU, I don't think we can get the bomb bay doors open.
Q::At the bottom of mines?
A::Yes.  The radioactivity could not penetrate a mine some thousands of feet deep.
Q::Slides go with it.
A::Behind me. I'm making these slides out of these old pictures and paintings and stuff.
Q::Ah, you know people there?
A::I'm just gonna go. I figure the worst I can do is starve to death.
Q::Yeah, well, uh, you're not so smart, chief, 'cause I'm moving out to L.A.
A::Ah, that's nice. They have many convenience stores there for you to stand in front of.
Q::Who's going to slow me down? You, you fat pig.
A::Alright, get in the car before I have to embarrass you in front of your friend.
Q::Mm.
A::He wrote this thing about his dick once and he read it in front of the whole class.
Q::Because I care, I'm a fucking fool?
A::Oh, Jeff, give me a break. You didn't even have the guts to go look in the van, did you?
Q::Um, because you didn't want to go.
A::Like I'm going to pay twenty bucks to see Neil Moynihan in some band that I helped start.
Q::What?
A::No, I mean it. No, look, when, when I got out of the car I walked all the way here.
Q::Yeah, hey I saw your album at Musicland up at the mall.
A::Oh yeah, yeah, we're starting to get good placement and shit like that, you know.
Q::George can drive us. There's plenty of room in the car. Jeff?
A::No. You know what? You guys go ahead and bring back something here. Yeah.
Q::Look, get down off my property.
A::Why? What are you gonna do? Huh? You're gonna shoot me for standing on your fucking trash can?
Q::Tim?
A::Uh, I didn't write any songs. You guys go ahead. I gotta stay here and guard the parking lot.
Q::Well, I called Erica's beeper. There's just no answer.
A::What are you? Her pimp? She said she might go get a drink first.
Q::Yeah?
A::... my manager will slap an assault charge on your ass faster than you can say AA, okay?
Q::Hello?
A::Di?  I just called to say that Conan talked about us again last night.
Q::Hi, Jack.
A::Excuse me, Vendela, have you seen Diane? We're supposed to go to the homecoming dance tonight.
Q::... so when your dad said, "I never want to see your "f-'in' faces again!" do you think he meant forever or just until your mom wakes up?
A::I don't know... And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table.
Q::I sure do.
A::Diane, I've loved you ever since I first saw you -- right before you kicked me in the head.
Q::I know, but that was before.
A::Ah!  I almost forgot gas for the baby machine.  I'll grab your Snickers and get a place in line.
Q::It was Lucy!  Lucy went to the cops!
A::Remember, Kansas, every time you point a finger you've got three more pointing back at you.
Q::Hello?
A::We're dead!  They showed this prison movie to my youth group on Sunday.
Q::You got that big retarded girl down there?
A::Uh...Yeah, Grandma.  She doesn't mean that.  Kinda lost the old filter with her last stroke.
Q::Yeah.  This summer at church camp?  I'm pretty sure I had, y'know, an orgasm.
A::Hold up, hold up.  Any sentence that starts with "at church camp" ain't leading to the big "O."
Q::Grandma and Grandpa sent you pictures of a neighbor girl.  They didn't want you to break out and come kidnap me.
A::Thank G-d.  I was starting to think I'd killed the wrong man.
Q::Walking out on the mob.  What's the big idea?
A::I'm sorry about New Year's. Would you believe me if I said I had to be with a sick friend?
Q::Well....
A::We could make some paper boats and have a regatta.  Or should we just turn on the shower?
Q::I was afraid of that.
A::I've got twenty pages of notes. I've got a pretty good character for the man.
Q::Check.
A::Now I see her teaching day classes while he teaches night school.  The first time they meet ...
Q::Did you see them? Did you see how they came?
A::You know, crazy things happen in this business.  I hope you haven't lost your sense of humor ...
Q::They're dead.  They're finished. There was a time when this busi- ness had the eyes of the whole wide world.  But that wasn't good enough.  Oh, nol They wanted the ears of the world, too.  So they opened their big mouths, and out came talk, talk, talk...
A::That's where the popcorn business comes in.  You buy yourself a bag and plug up your ears.
Q::They will love it every place.  Read it.  Read the scene just before she has him killed!
A::Right now?  Never let another writer read your stuff.  He may steal it.
Q::What for?  I can say anything I want with my eyes.
A::It certainly could use a pair of shears and a blue pencil.
Q::I don't know why you should be so upset.  Stop that playing, Max.  It seemed like a good idea -- if we are to work together.
A::Look, I'm supposed to fix up your script.  There's nothing in the deal about my staying here.
Q::Oh...and I thought it was a matter of life and death.
A::It is to me.  That's why I came to this house.  That's why I took this job -- ghost writing!
Q::To fall in love with you -- that was the idiotic thing.
A::It sure would have made attractive headlines: Great Star Kills Her- self for Unknown Writer.
Q::Why don't you just say thank you and go, go, go --
A::Not until you promise to act like a sensible human being.
Q::No you didn't.  You took the car.
A::All right, I drove to the beach. Norma, you don't want me to feel I'm locked up in this house?
Q::What about the studio? What about De Mille?
A::He was trying to spare your feelings. The studio wanted to rent your car.
Q::This room has not been used for a long time.
A::It will never make house Beautiful. I guess it's O.K. for one night.
Q::Now wait a minute.  If we made it a girls' softball team, put in a few numbers.  Might make a cute musical: It Happened in the Bull Pen -- the story of a Woman.
A::You trying to be funny?  -- because I'm all out of laughs.  I'm over a barrel and I need a job.
Q::There's nothing, Gillis.  Not even if you were a relative.
A::Look, Mr. Sheldrake, could you let me have three hundred bucks yourself, as a personal loan?
Q::Paramount studios.
A::Now, now do you belive me? I told you deMille would jump at it.
Q::What does it mean?
A::The danger. The one Nigel spoke of. It must be near .
Q::That's the Power Source that was lost from Argo City! That's what I came: to find! Where does she live?
A::In this big old house on Orchard Avenue---but you better stay away from there.
Q::I know it.
A::This "love" of yours will soon wear off. I gave you a temporary love potion.
Q::Cheer up, Nigel. It's not the end of the world.
A::It may well be. I know how you won that election Selena. You can't fool me.
Q::You're wasting your breath.
A::You used to listen to me. When you asked me to teach you something of the Craft.
Q::The Danvers. And two of your little friends.
A::It's just one more crime you'll have to pay for.
Q::Say, Brad. I think he'll be better off doing it his way.
A::For a guy who was lucky to be water-boy on the high school team, you sure got a big mouth, Kent.
Q::Not counting this week.  You secured employment last June as a messenger and were discharged after one day for. . .
A::They said I lost it on the subway, but it ain't the truth! It was a pickpocket took it!
Q::A television set?
A::Well, it was one of them little bitty two-inch screen Japanese jobs.
Q::Lookit, you're getting' what you want all the time. it ain't right that I don't get somethin'! I never get somethin'!
A::I knew it, I knew it, go be nice to people and they think they can ask for the moon!
Q::Now...when do I get a taste?
A::I should think a taste of freedom is enough, don't you? Or would you prefer jail?
Q::Thanks.  Let's go
A::I was afraid you'd say that.  Hey, is there a bus station around here?
Q::I know, by computers.
A::Will you stop interrupting ?!  You will command the pumps to stop pumping.
Q::Lois, I've got to hand it to you. You're amazing. Who else could manage to turn a three-week tropical vacation into a front page story that's going to blow the lid off government corruption in the Caribbean?
A::I just knew I was onto something when that taxi driver kidnapped me.
Q::"At a special session of the General Assembly, 178 countries voted to censure Superman. With only Columbia abstaining." ROSS That fella's becoming a public menace.
A::And he use to be such a sweetie pie! What's wrong with him the last two weeks?
Q::Isn't that what the old Canaveral guys used to call a comet on an East-West trajectory?
A::How the hell would I know? I was in high school back in those days.
Q::Wait, wait, wait just a moment. Wait till you've got to know better will you please.  Wait, -- look, I can give you anything you want. I can give you the brass ring, the - er -- unlimited freedom to maim, cure, destroy, chew - plus Lex Luthor's savvy. Lex Luthor's career guidance... Lex Luthor's School of...
A::We have all of this without you. You cannot bargain with what you don't have.
Q::Perhaps there is some good in you after all, Lex Luthor.
A::Me? I'm loaded with good! I mean I've never even used it.
Q::And now they are willing to release the rest of the hostages?
A::In return for a guarantee that we will not launch an attack an them.
Q::But you can't tell where one country begins and another ends. You can't see any borders. It's just . . . one world.
A::Good. If you can see it, and I can see it, maybe some day everyone will see it.
Q::No, Daddy. Our business is journalism. We can't continue to be so irresponsible . . . or else we'll just lead everyone into a disaster.
A::Don't be over-dramatic, young lady. What kind of disaster could we help bring about?
Q::Guess who? It's your old friend, Lex.
A::Luthor, I suspect if you had actually planted a bomb you'd be far away from here by now.
Q::It's common knowledge you hate children and animals. Why are you back in Metropolis?
A::Why? Because I want to be the first one to introduce you to a new kid on the block.
Q::Your time in prison has twisted you into a delusionary state, Luthor.
A::No, no, listen. I escaped with only one thing on my mind . . . the end of Superman.
Q::I'll bet you have some good ideas.
A::Hey, you're getting a better class of people in your office these days, Boss.
Q::Clark Kent, if you had only seen it the way I did, you -
A::It was done with wires. They must have rigged him like they do with Peter Pan.
Q::Ahh. 'National Geographic." In my day, this made 'Playboy" look like Mother Goose.
A::I don't mean to denigrate your misspent youth, Lex, but what does that rock have to do with --
Q::Tune me in , lady. An explosion such as the one Superman describes would have altered the molecular structure of the Krypton rock.
A::I know I'm going to get rapped in the mouth for saying this, but so what?
Q::What do you suggest, my dear?
A::The least we can do is leave him another door jam.
Q::Need I ask who's favored to collect at the end of this week.
A::On the salary he pays me, I can't make my rent without it.
Q::I was thinkin' what to call him. I was thinkin' I had an uncle who was a fine man, you recall him? The Church Sexton
A::Who? Clark? I never cared two hoots for that fella.  Jonathan Jr. That's got a ring to it.
Q::But, to someone from the planet Krypton, this substance would be lethal because of its high level of radioactivity. Kryptonite! Ah, Kryptonite! That's the stuff!
A::You mean bullets and fire and all that can't hurt him, but this kind of rock --
Q::No, Billy.  We can't drop the lawsuit.  You know how much we need the money.
A::Why?  You got money from Dolores' insurance with the school board.  We all did.
Q::Note my objection.  She said, 'As I'm talking.'
A::Did there come a time when the bus turned off Staples Mill Road onto
Q::That's the local bar?
A::...coming home drunk and I guess feeling trapped by his life and blaming her for that...and...
Q::Need a hand?
A::Sure, it you could find a towel in this bag.  I know my wife packed one in there...
Q::Yes.
A::If you could pick the shrimp off, as well as anything that touches the shrimp...
Q::Probably half a dozen traffic convictions.  Drunk driving.  Lost his licence.  That's why he don't work no more.
A::Can't get off that shitty dump they live on.  What little money comes in goes to booze.
Q::You believe that the bus driven by Mrs. Driscoll was going at seventy- two miles an hour at this time?
A::I told you I was positive.  The speedometer was large and easy to see from where I was.
Q::Of course.
A::You don't sound like one hundred percent absolutely sure.
Q::Where are we running?  What am I missing here?
A::Waiter, the check.  This man is trying to hold a gun to my head!
Q::How is dear old J.J. by the way?
A::Call him up and ask - he might drop dead with shock.
Q::Is it news to you?
A::Son, lots of people tell me I'm a gifted man, but I still can't see around corners.
Q::I just checked "downtown".  Quiet everywhere tonight.
A::Incidentally, what happened to that doll? - You gave me the item last night.  Still alive?
Q::Correct me if I'm wrong - WE! Because when I'm out on this very slippery limb for you, you have to know what's involved.
A::Ha!  My right hand hasn't seen my left hand for thirty years!
Q::J.J., I want you to get them back their job, Steve and the Quintet.
A::You mean they've been fired already, on the basis of this crude smear?
Q::Well, what have I got?  Alimony to a pair of tramps?  They're of no concern to me.  It's you who count, but don't get me wrong - I don't intend to let you break your neck again!
A::J.J., you said you want to help me - prove it!
Q::I got that boy coming over here.  What's so funny?
A::With a pocket fulla firecrackers - good.
Q::Well he's got her in a tizzy, I'll tell you that!
A::Sure, he steams her up - wants her to stand on her own two feet and all that jazz!
Q::I thought he would.
A::Yeah...  And another thing - he's gonna say you 'resisted arrest'...  You know J.J....!
Q::Bribing me again?
A::And why should I bribe the woman who holds most of my heart?
Q::That's your idea of logic?  I tell the Judge I didn't murder the man - the Judge says, "Why not you?"
A::Only two men in this town could be responsible for that smear - you or Hunsecker or both.
Q::Where do you come off to make a remark like that?
A::Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
Q::I hope that J.J. really likes Steve, that it isn't an act.
A::Why should he put on an act?  Your brother has told PRESIDENTS where to go and what to do!
Q::I know that bit - you're a girl; you need a man to give you strength! So what do you pick such weak sisters for?  Don't you know yet that you fight fire with fire, not with tear drops?
A::I could almost forgive you if what you did to Steve came from jealousy and love...
Q::This is big, you know.  Very big! Let's go out later, drink some firewater.  With the boys.  Fred can call Millie and -
A::Steve, I'd rather you didn't say anything for a day or two...until I tell my brother...
Q::How long do you live?  I mean, last?
A::A hundred and twenty years on my existing power cell.
Q::David. David Wills. I'm your liaison officer with the Allied Kommandatura Cultural Affairs Committee. Sir.
A::Sounds a lot of run.  So they sent the big guns to check up on me. We recruiting children now?
Q::Jeez. And you think the British'll share it with their Allies?
A::Major Richards said he'd call to let us know.
Q::Then why did you conduct at one of their Nuremberg rallies?
A::I did not conduct at at the rally, I conducted on the evening before the rally.
Q::You sure knew a lot of people in high places.
A::It would be truer to say, I think, that a lot of people in high places knew me.
Q::Well, I'm just beginning to develop my theme. Isn't that what you call it in classical music, developing your theme? Okay, so they played on your insecurity. That's human, understandable. But, there is one guy who doesn't like little K as much as he likes you - yeah, the number one man your old pal, Adolf. He thinks you're the greatest, and when he says, I want Wilhelm for my birthday, boy, they better go out get Wilhelm. So, Josef calls and threatens you with little K. And you said to hell with the Ninth in Vienna, I'll give it to Adolf as a birthday present in Berlin. That's the trick they played, they got you by the balls and they squeezed. Hard. Why did you stay? Why did you play for them? Why were you the flag-carrier for their regime?  Jealousy?
A::Of course there was a conspiracy against me, a campaign - even abroad.
Q::Oh! The evening before, I see...
A::Yes, Dr. Furtwngler was absolutely clear about this: politics and art must be kept separate.
Q::Send a unit.
A::I already did.  No answer at the door and the apartment manager's out.  I'm keeping them there.
Q::Admittedly...
A::Our E.P.S. was one fifty last quarter.  We're up eight cents per share.
Q::"... wait for help."  Wait for help. I'm not opening a door that specifically warns me not to.
A::Are you suggesting we wait till someone finds us?
Q::Goodnight.
A::I don't think I've ever spent this much time with someone who didn't even ask my name.
Q::It could have been any asshole with a couple hundred million in the bank.
A::Call them, tell them to get the boss up here.  Tell them I'll kill you...
Q::No!  You take another step, I'll shoot!  They're trying to kill me...
A::You're wrong.  You're about to make the biggest mistake of your life. Put that gun down.
Q::May I make two suggestions... ?
A::Do you really expect me to participate without knowing a single thing?
Q::Where?
A::I told you, they hired me over the phone.  I never met anyone.
Q::You did?  How is he?
A::Okay.  I think he's into some sort of new personal improvement cult.
Q::What?
A::A gentleman left a message requesting a lunch, but I assured him...
Q::The children.  The children Hugh Crain built the house for.  The children he never had.
A::Come on.  These are the typically sentimental gestures of a depraved industrialist.
Q::The cold sensation.  Who felt it first?
A::Theo I think.  You've asked us that three times, Doctor Marrow. What's going on?
Q::But you told me to look in the paper!  You told me I'd be perfect!
A::Nell, the first time I ever spoke with you in person was the night we met here.
Q::My place isn't like yours, Nell, it doesn't have a view of sea.  It doesn't have a view of anything. What's interesting about the way I live is what goes on inside the walls.  Living with me... My boundaries aren't very well defined, Nell.  Do you know what I mean?
A::I'm trying.  Have you ever kept something to yourself because you were afraid it'd ruin things.
Q::Nell, what happened?
A::Carolyn showed me where she hid him, hid him with all the ones he killed --
Q::The freeway's faster, but lacks a certain majesty.
A::Just feels like the car behind has been following us the longest time.
Q::You should have let me do the talking.
A::Why, because you're my security consultant?  This cocksucker nearly burnt my house down.
Q::You think I'm staying?
A::There's already gonna be talk about how people close to you keep falling into canyons.
Q::Are you a resident of California? You gonna fill out forms, man?  Do the background check?  Go through a three-day waiting period?
A::Sod that.  Gotta get back before my probation officer wonders where I've skived off to.
Q::Jenny told me she met him at the beach. Got blinded by his smile.  You believe that shit?  Son of a bitch never smiled at me.  Buried her at a "private" service.  Private for who. Him?
A::Hang about.  I thought you said he come into the restaurant where you worked with Jenny.
Q::I thought maybe you just came for the ride.
A::I'd rather be with him than without him. I don't want to be found dead in L.A.
Q::Weren't you on a television series?
A::If it played in England somebody owes me money.  Who told you that -- Eddie?
Q::Minor officials bother you, don't they?
A::Do us a favor.  Can't even go have a slash without 'em saying, what're you going in there for?
Q::Last time might as well've been the first.  I remember all the times, don't I.  Watching her grow up --  in increments.
A::She told me you were a ghost in her life. Daddy the friendly ghost.  Coming back to haunt her.
Q::She used to tell me she'd turn me in.  Little kid.  Ten year old.  "If you're naughty, Dad, I'll tell on ya."  She didn't want me sent down again, see. When I was planning some job.  "I'll tell 'em, Dad, I promise I will.  Here, look, I'm calling the Old Bill right now" -- picking up the telephone.  I can see her, the phone in her hand.  Became a sort of joke between us.  Only it wasn't a joke.
A::She never would have turned you in, not in a million years.
Q::Valentine had himself a party, I hear.
A::My client has already given a statement regarding yesterday's events.
Q::You'll be looking forward to getting back, then.
A::Yeah.  Another little matter needs attending to soon as I return.
Q::But first I gotta give these lads a talking to, these geezers what sent me up the river, in a manner of speaking.
A::The ones whose burden you took upon your own shoulders.
Q::How we gonna get that lucky?
A::While they're all fucking each other over ... couple of parties like us could move right in.
Q::I miss my kids.
A::They're at college.  Or doesn't your accountant even tell you where the money goes anymore.
Q::Great bloke.  Really turned things around there.  180 degrees.
A::I suppose that's good, unless things were fine the way they were.
Q::...Hell, I hope I've done the right thing.
A::My wife and I had not... performed the sex act in many years.
Q::This huge police presence tonight isn't necessary, Lieutenant.  You'll just scare people off.  I can handle the security behind scenes with this system.  It's state of the art.
A::The cops are non-negotiable, Ippolito.  Why don't you just tell me how this space station works.
Q::It's fool proof, basically.  I designed this whole thing myself. Every valuable object in the Museum carries a small electronic chip.  If anything's moved so much as an inch, we get an alarm pinpointing the exact location of the attempted theft.
A::That's great if you're stopping a burglar.  Not our goal here.  Are there motion detectors?
Q::Vince D'Agosta.  Am I out?
A::Not at all.  I think we may be working on the same case.  If so, I could use your help.
Q::How much ammo do we have to make a stand?
A::You're asking me?  I don't even know how to load this thing.
Q::We've met.  The Hacksaw Murders.  '89.
A::Oh yes!  Who could forget.  Afterwards you sent me that amazing case of Chateau Lafitte.
Q::Yes it is.  I'm tired and I'm no longer needed --
A::My work on fossil intermediates would be crippled without you.
Q::Do you mean Dr. Whittlesley?
A::Yes.  John made quite a study of the whole museum.  He had a copy of my original plans.
Q::I don't understand.
A::Something came up in autopsy tonight.  Imbedded in Beauregard's body we found a claw.
Q::Dr. Green...
A::I didn't imagine it.  I know what I saw.  Are you sure there are enough men in there?
Q::I'm so glad to see you.  What's the occasion?
A::I'm in town on a case.  Dropped by to see Vince and we thought we'd see the new display.
Q::Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.
A::But how do you account for the popularity of those eight hours a day when Truman sleeps?
Q::He was curious from birth - premature by two weeks, as if he couldn't wait to get started.
A::Of course, his eagerness to leave his mother's womb also meant he was the one selected.
Q::Yes, everything you see on the show is for sale - from the actors' wardrobe, food products, to the very homes they live in--
A::All products carefully chosen and tested by you for quality and aesthetic value.
Q::What's he doing?
A::They removed all physical trace of her but they couldn't erase the memory.
Q::How did it go today?
A::A man tripped and fell on a chainsaw.  We got three of his fingers back on.
Q::You look very pale, Truman.  Are you taking your vitamin D's?
A::I spend half my life out in the sun, Mother, why would I need vitamin D?
Q::Special Agent Scully --
A::I apologize for making you wait -- I've brought some new evidence with me --
Q::And what's that?
A::S.A.C. Darius Michaud never tried or intended to defuse the bomb.
Q::According to the newspaper, FEMA had been called out to manage an outbreak of the Hanta virus. Are you familiar with the Hanta virus, Agent Mulder?
A::It was a deadly virus spread by field mice in the Southwest U.S. several years ago.
Q::What do you think?
A::A transportation system. Transgenic crops. The pollen genetically altered to carry a virus.
Q::You'd be shit out of luck if not for me. You saw what you saw because I led you to it. I'm putting my ass on the line for you.
A::Your ass? I just got chased across Texas by two black helicopters.
Q::What? What are you talking about?
A::I meet with the OPR day after tomorrow for remediation and reassignment...
Q::Why?
A::I think you must have an idea. They cited a history of problems relating back to 1993.
Q::What are you implying, Scully?
A::I thought you may have gotten drunk and decided to come here to talk me out of quitting.
Q::Mulder, this is going to take some time, and somebody's going to figure out soon enough we're not even supposed to be here.  I'm in serious violation of medical ethics.
A::We're being blamed for these deaths. Scully, I want to know what this man died of. Don't you?
Q::-- I'll have you back for it, Scully. Maybe with evidence that could blow that meeting away.
A::Mulder -- I can't -- I'm already way past the point of common sense here --
Q::You're sure the fossils you looked at showed the same signs of deterioration you saw in the fireman's body in the morgue?
A::The bone was porous, as if the virus of the causative microbe were digesting it.
Q::You're on the verge, Mulder -- please don't do this to me --
A::After what you saw last night -- after all you've seen -- you can't just walk away --
Q::We're going to the morgue.
A::That area is currently off limits to anyone other than authorized medical personnel.
Q::She's missing. We've been unable to locate her or the vehicle they took her in.
A::Whoever they are -- this goes right back to Dallas -- it goes right back to the bombing --
Q::You can't kill Mulder. He's got too much light on him.
A::You need not kill a man to destroy him.
Q::We've been over this a dozen times.  No.
A::Why not?  Just once.  A trial run.  What harm could it do?
Q::He's mine?
A::All yours.  My boss says it's one of the strangest requests the Bureau's ever had.
Q::Dr. Winkel? Who is he?
A::The doctor Harry used to go to. He was passing just after it happened.
Q::He liked to laugh.
A::Seventy pounds a tube. He wanted me to write for his great medical charity.
Q::How will I know you?
A::I'll carry a copy of one of your books. Harry gave it to me.
Q::Why don't you catch a few murderers for a change?
A::Well, you could say that murder was part...
Q::Do you see what that means?
A::Are you too busy chasing a few tubes of penicillin to investigate a murder?
Q::...a week ago.
A::It's more like a mortuary than police headquarters.
Q::Win what?
A::I'll be your dumb decoy duck.
Q::Part? You can have any part you want, so long as you don't interfere...I have never cut you out of anything yet.
A::I remember when they raided the gambling joint - you know a safe way out...
Q::Ten dollars. I'll find a way to pay you back. How would you like to know About somewhere special? The perfect beach. Paradise. No one else knows about it. That's got to be worth something. What do you say?
A::Look I don't care about the money right now: I just want some sleep. So if you could be quiet -
Q::Francoise -
A::Sshh. Etienne will be angry if I wake him. He thinks I waste film taking photographs of the sky.
Q::But, Danny, if HaShem is everything, and we are nothing how are we to judge His actions?
A::We have free will and intelligence -- which God allegedly gave us....
Q::You wouldn't announce it?
A::I'd say nothing. After two or three, people will try to find a pattern. A reason.
Q::Give me a reason not to.
A::It's slander. It's reckless disregard. I'll sue you and your fucking Jew paper.
Q::No!
A::Yes!  The notary is a phony.  He has the same signature as the contractor!
Q::What?
A::The dolphins aren't the only ones who don't feel very good sometimes.
Q::No.  I want to show you.  Is it ruined?
A::Well, water isn't exactly the best thing for pictures... Not even for pictures of dolphins...
Q::Chief, it's me. Listen carefully. I need for the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy to mass produce video copies of every Hollywood movie ever made featuring a positive Jewish protagonist as its lead.
A::You mean you want us to make copies of Yentl, Fiddler On The Roof, and Chaim Potok's The Chosen?
Q::There won't be any need for that sir.
A::Hammer, the fate of my daughter rests solely in your hands.
Q::Oy vey, I'm stuffed.
A::I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me.
Q::Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some Manischewitz. The black label.
A::I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us.
Q::So Morde-chai, tell me, what brings your bad self down to the KLF?
A::I'm back on the job for the JDL. You hear about that crazy white boy who took over as Santa?
Q::Sorry folks, I don't do couples.
A::If you keep your mouth shut and come with me, you won't get hurt.
Q::Hey everybody. How's it hangin'?
A::In fact, he's just informed me that he personally plans on cancelling Christmas this year.
Q::Where's my girlfriend Santa?
A::I don't have to tell you anything Hammer! You're gonna have to kill me before I tell you!
Q::You okay?
A::No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly?
Q::Sure, I like my leopards
A::But he admitted quick enough that it killed the first girl.
Q::He will be waiting...
A::You must say that you went to take some of the roses to your father's grave...
Q::Some crazy guy.
A::But he would have to know about leopards - have access to leopard claws and hair.
Q::Galbraith knows something. He as good as said so 
A::I am not interested in what somebody else thinks. You being me facts and I'll act on them.
Q::No - not yet.
A::And I never will- you know what's between us  we're a thing But this is serious competition.
Q::This is l939. Can't you subtract?
A::Almost three years, isn't it? And have I ever done anything to hurt you?
Q::Who is he?
A::You remember the fellow this morning -- Galbraith. You've got time before the supper show.
Q::I -- I bought some silver jewelry and stuff from Eloise --
A::Eloise doesn't own enough of anything to make a dent in your pay check, Kicks.
Q::How dare you...  You dont know this tape belongs to my brother, do you, Mr Lombard?
A::The question now is whether or not your brother still owns anything, Mrs De Moraes.
Q::Your brother stumbled upon Adoniss little secret, didnt he? And traded his silence for a kid and some cash. And Adonis fell for it, bought him his kid, sent him away, and then killed him when he came back for more.  Leon didnt come here to borrow money for prints. He came to extort a second kids life. Your flunkey let him in, so his visit couldnt be concealed, hence the exhibition story. There was no exhibition. Just as you suspected. Remember, Deborah? Leon does his own prints. Wouldnt want anyone to interfere with his Art.  I should have paid more attention to your words. Perhaps its the way you say them...
A::If-if my car is there, I could be the one who... Why dont you accuse me of killing my brother?
Q::Directory enquiries. Can I help you?
A::Yes. Im trying to reach a friend but I cant get through. The number is 01766 770 471.
Q::So he could have decided to go on a trip...
A::He could indeed, Mr Lombard. But had he done so I think he would have let us know about it.
Q::We are aware of your rates, Mr Lombard. We will pay you double your rates plus expenses. In return, need I say it again, we expect discretion and undivided attention.
A::Why do you think your son chose not to come to you for funds for his photography, Mrs Spitz?
Q::Clients come and go.
A::This one came back and was never seen again. I understand Friedman looked after him.
Q::Youre out of your mind. Whats the idea?
A::Maybe the thought of people like you going on holiday bothers me. Come on, lets go...
Q::No. I meant he left as in no longer works here.
A::Oh. This is... Wed arranged to meet tonight and Im due to return to Paris tomorrow...
Q::Barstows 30 miles to the left. Los Angeles a hundred to the right. Wherever youre heading, I reckon somebodyll pick you up.
A::Huh... I suppose the idea of a one day trip to Los Angeles doesnt appeal to you...
Q::What you gonna do? Kill me?
A::Dont tempt me. The last scumbag who thought I might kill him died soon afterwards.
Q::What do you think?
A::I dont know. Could be the sound of jewellery hitting a parquet floor, huh?
Q::Better today than tomorrow.
A::Well... uh -- this might take a little time -- but let me see what I can do.
Q::Who do they think I am?!
A::Jeanne, calm down.  You can't blame the people -- they've been hearing all about you for weeks.
Q::No, but...
A::Or maybe it's Jeanne who's in a trap -- her own trap -- a downward spiral that she can't stop?
Q::Jeanne... I believe in you -- but can you believe in me for once? Don't go... even if you don't want to marry me.
A::I would like to marry you.  But I have already promised myself... to God.
Q::No, of course not... I never killed anyone...
A::Then perhaps the temptation to kill would have been stronger... too strong perhaps...?
Q::No!  I warned the English to go back home -- I begged them not to force us to fight -- they knew the defeat I would bring on them... why didn't they listen to me?
A::We have numerous witnesses who can confirm that you were not always carrying your banner...
Q::The English??
A::Yes.  They paid your ransom... tomorrow you will be transferred to their great castle at Rouen.
Q::Supposing she's an assassin?
A::Tremoille, I'm not even king yet... who'd want to assassinate me?
Q::Jeanne, what are you doing with that... you've got it back to front...
A::I know what I'm doing, so either lend a hand or go back to bed!
Q::No, no, you did fine.  I'd even say well done.  Besides, most of the ones you killed probably deserved it, don't you think?
A::No, I do not think so.  I don't think that killing each other will ever bring peace.
Q::He already did, but I want God to forgive me too.
A::Jeanne -- if we were to ask forgiveness all the time, we'd spend our whole life in church.
Q::Let me see this.
A::Doesn't it say we have to provide these armbands ourselves? Where will we get them?
Q::I have to say you look terrible. What's the trouble?
A::You've heard the rumours they're going to resettle us in the East?
Q::Ohhh I've never been there. 
A::Mother used to sing the songs in German and her voice would echo across the valleys
Q::T-w~e-l-v~e.
A::Te, kawnarna paraikete mo te tahi hawlie 0 te whenna uci.  UNSUBTITLED
Q::I'm lookin' for a guy on the lam from a counterfeiting rap.  Thought he mighta come in here.
A::Don't think so.  I know everybody in the place and I always bounce the lamsters.
Q::Give it to me!  Please.  I gotta know it's all there!
A::You just sit tight, old man.  We're gonna have to get you to a doctor.  I'll call a cop.
Q::It don't look good, gramps, it's ten of now.
A::I got a hundred bucks for you and your friend if you deliver the money for me.
Q::Okay, finish your count and get it up here as soon as you can.  I don't wanta be here all night.
A::Believe me, the Man's gonna be real happy.  Looks like we cleared over ten grand this week.
Q::I've had it with that bum, Floyd. Stack me a cooler.
A::You've only been playin three hours, Doyle.
Q::Been a while since I stocked a wire store.  Not many mobs playing that anymore.
A::All we need is the bookie setup for now.  We'll worry about the telegraph office later.
Q::You want the stuff tomorrow or don't ya?  It's gonna take hours just to clean it up.  Besides, Gondorff's still a hot item.  Where am I gonna be if he gets hit?
A::Just give us what ya can, Benny. We'll send a truck down.
Q::Glad to meet ya, kid.  You're a real horse's ass.
A::Yeh, Luther said you could teach me something.  I already know how to drink.
Q::Gondorff, you gonna teach me the Big Con or not?
A::You didn't act much like you wanted to learn it.
Q::How 'bout Lonnegan?
A::I gave him the breakdown just like ya told me to.
Q::You know how easy it'd be for one of Lonnegan's guys to nail you?
A::All we need is a couple days, Henry. A couple days and we'll get Lonnegan down and stomp on 'em.
Q::Take it easy, you won't lose him now.  We had him 10 years ago when he decided to be somebody.  Believe me, I've seen enough to know.
A::How many guys you conned in your life, Henry?
Q::I don't even know you.
A::You know me.  I'm just like you... It's two in the morning and I don't know nobody.
Q::What's the matter?  You gotta get back to Shaw?
A::Naw, he picked up some jane in the bar.  Can't see him till morning anyway.
Q::Can't do it.  There're telegraph inspectors all over the place.  I got 750 grand coming in from the coast, and I'm not gonna blow it for a lousy 14 gees.  We'll get somebody else to do our betting.
A::I could come up with 750 grand in a day if I had a reason to.
Q::No.
A::You just want money -- and you haven't any right to any more.  He made a big settlement on you.
Q::Then what are you hiding?
A::It's a piece of evidence that's worth a great deal more than that.
Q::Hello, Dorothy. 
A::Hello, Nick!  And a party - celebrating father's third murder - 
Q::Why not? You had a perfectly good motive.
A::I hope you won't talk that way to the police when they come here.
Q::Who're you calling?
A::I'm calling your office so you can send out a man to trail him. I want to see where he goes.
Q::Could this be him?
A::I never saw him.  I don't think anyone saw him.
Q::But he's interested!
A::I don't mind telling you I'd rather have you working with us than against us.
Q::It might.
A::He gave me a code message to insert in the Times, in case I wanted to get in touch with him.
Q::But he knows you.  All you have to do is get in touch with him, and tell him that Mimi says everything is all right... but that I've got to see him.
A::I tell you again, I don't want any part of it.  Now you take Dorothy home and...
Q::I gotta talk to you.  I want you to tell me something and I want you to give it to me straight. Get me?
A::Do you mind putting that gun away? My wife doesn't care, but I'm in a delicate condition.
Q::Back to California
A::My soul, woman.  I give you three murders and you aren't satisfied.
Q::Why not?
A::I want to lie low till I get the whole dope.  I don't want to go off half-cocked.
Q::What are you going to do?
A::I'm going to get the real murderer. I've got an idea.  Want to see me take him?
Q::I just wanted to tell you...
A::I don't care what you wanted to tell me.  You're through!  Get your things and get out!
Q::Turn the car around.
A::Please, I beg of you.  The American army is there.  I am Iraqi.  They will kill me.
Q::You two fighting's not going to get us anything.
A::Him getting us stranded out here doesn't do much good either.
Q::All right.  Let's get out of here.
A::The soldiers are going to kill those people!
Q::We started this together, and we're staying together, so there's no point in splitting things up now.
A::What if we get separated?  Way I see it if something happens I want to be carrying my share.
Q::What happened?
A::I told you.  He tried to steal our gold. He tried to kill us.
Q::We are not at war!  You and I and Jaeger are AWOL.  We have no authority--
A::He tried to kill us.  If not just now, then in the helicopter.  That's all the authority I need.
Q::Wes, we thought you were dead, and we thought we were next.  Hanging around to get killed wouldn't have done anyone any good.
A::Sure, and I guess it was just convenient there was one less person to split the gold with.
Q::You disappoint me, Epps.  Always figured you to be a man; a real bright guy.  I had respect for you.
A::That why you tried to put a bullet in my head in the middle of the desert.
Q::They finally start the ground war, and where are we?  Same place we've been since we got here.  Securing freedom for the dirt.
A::Everybody's got a job to do.  Figure it this way:  At least you get to go home alive.
Q::And you missed this?  How are you going to miss something like this?
A::I didn't miss it.  I figured if you knew one of the reserves got hit you'd want to turn back.
Q::How's this going to work?
A::Me and Wes each going take an end of the rope, run our asses of, and yank you off the mine.
Q::It's not like I figured.  It's cold.  And it's heavier than I imagined.
A::I wouldn't know.  I never imagined this. Not in my whole life did I ever imagine this.
Q::What?
A::We send the gold up what's to stop him from taking off and leaving us down here?
Q::Wes might be right about that.
A::It stays as it is.  We're halfway home now.  Let's not blow it by people getting ideas.
Q::There's another pass on the photo.  We can avoid that narrow one we had to cross on the way up, and it should get us back down.
A::It should, or it will?  Least going back the way we came we know what we're up against.
Q::And then shoot them.
A::I...I never killed anyone before.  I told you that.
Q::Well?
A::A car's got to come along sooner or later.  When it does, we jack it.
Q::That shouldn't be too hard to read.  Iraq is the pink thing.
A::I could use some recon photos too.
Q::Some good ones.
A::They're all good ones.  Satellites we've got can snap a shot of the boil on Saddam's ass.
Q::How do you say "Come here, baby.  I'm horny."  I can use that now.
A::Don't even try it.  You offend a woman out here you're in serious trouble.
Q::The longer the air force hits the Iraqis, the safer it'II be for us when we have to engage.
A::You know what, Wes?  If you get a note from your mommy they might excuse you from the war.
Q::That's it.  It's over.  Eighteen hours into the war and it's over.
A::Those soldiers have got loafers on.  What kind of army gives their soldiers loafers?
Q::You don't know where the Iraqis have moved to.  And our forces haven't even engaged the Republican Guard yet, we don't know--
A::It's about a hundred miles from where we are now.  How long do you think it would take us to--
Q::If you....if you go back on sedation, you won't feel the same way about me.  You'll report me for drug evasion.
A::I've got a slip movement to install on my next shift.  I'll never make it the way I am now.
Q::Then why are they holding us here? Why don't they destroy us right away?  Economically, it's not sound at all.  Very much unlike....
A::I've said many times before, and I guess I'll have to repeat it again for your...
Q::He's coming back for the rest of us.  He can't make it alone.
A::I wonder how far he went.  He's gathered invaluable information out there.
Q::What was-? Why...?
A::That cop who bought it... you didn't tell us he was your partner.
Q::You guys seem pretty tight.
A::We've gotta be. In this business, you don't exactly make alot of outside commitments.
Q::What's wrong?
A::Too easy. There's gotta be something else in there, another cap maybe.
Q::No, we're terrorists, stay back or we'll blow.
A::We're a bit busy at the moment, I'll give you a statement in a few minutes if we're still alive.
Q::Yeah, he's helping us work up a profile on this thing.
A::Hope you don't mind, Captain, might help us catch these guys that much sooner.  Coming?
Q::Vice... Jesus.
A::That'd be some explosive pussy he's got his hands on.
Q::Yes, sir.
A::She's refused to say a word to anyone. What made you think you could get her to talk?
Q::Neither do I.  That's where I found it.
A::I don't know how I could have lost it there.  I was nowhere near that niche.
Q::Goodbye, M'sieu La-- Oh, yes ... This is a rather delicate matter and I don't want to ... You see, if you read my advertisement carefully, you must have noticed that there was ...
A::In other words, madame, it embarrasses you to offer me the twenty thousand francs reward.
Q::Yes, Gaston?
A::What would you say if you found your safe had been robbed?
Q::You told me to change.
A::I couldn't let you wear black on sailing day, sweetpea. It's bad luck.
Q::The suction will pull us right down if we don't keep going.
A::We got room for lots more. I say we go back.
Q::Captain, the press knows the size of Titanic, let them marvel at her speed too. We must give them something new to print. And the maiden voyage of Titanic must make headlines!
A::I prefer not to push the engines until they've been properly run in.
Q::And these were drawn from life?
A::Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of girls willing take their clothes off.
Q::Yes sir.
A::And wake me, of course, if anything becomes in the slightest degree doubtful.
Q::Don't look so uncomfortable, Lee--it interferes with your good looks. Give me a cigarette.  What did you do--persuade her to come on this voyage with you?
A::Don't talk such bunk! She's one of the acts on the ship. I just ran into her by accident.
Q::Well, I'm off to a pretty good start.
A::If I ever won a pot that large the boat would sink. 
Q::Tell me.
A::A little boy that has escaped from his nurse and--
Q::I'm sorry I'm late, but something happened.
A::You're forgiven if you don't make dates with anybody except me for the rest of the voyage.
Q::You're a little ahead of yourself--the usual routine would be for you to propose, and if I accept, then you'd give me an engagement ring--
A::I'll give you plenty of rings as soon as I get the stones set--what do you think?
Q::Maybe she's in the show--One of the troupers--did you ever think of that?
A::Why <U>didn't</U> I think of that?--I am going to scout around and see if I can find her.
Q::This is exciting--but if it's been stolen they can't get away with it on a ship--
A::Some of the smartest robberies have taken place aboard ships--
Q::Nice girl, that--  I'd hate to see <U>her</U> get a raw deal.  You know, the great trouble with crooks is they're <U>too</U> smart. Now if I'd taken that bracelet, I'd find some way to slip it back--I'd know I could never get ashore with it.
A::Anybody that's taken the trouble to get it would be a mug to put it back.
Q::Don't get yourself all worked up--
A::You keep out of this--  You admit you thought of killing him--how were you going to do it?
Q::Not yet.  Say, where is this boat headed for?
A::This is a fine time to be asking that. You're on your way to France.
Q::Oh, nothing--only I wondered why you suspected him.
A::Well, I'll tell you--we picked him up about a year ago-- but could never pin anything on him.
Q::I was so crazy about him--anything he did or said was O.K. by me.  I introduced him to people--even after I knew his stock promoting was phoney and the card games were crooked. It didn't seem to matter--I didn't care--  --until he roped Ned in. Some confidence game--and the kid left his fingerprints on a drinking glass.
A::I felt pretty low, Sally, when I heard you were running around with a racketeer--
Q::Women have a curious taste for knickknacks. When I found out about Ned--tried to make a break--Lee wouldn't stand for it and--well--here I am!
A::Stay on the other side of the pond for a couple of months--you'll soon forget all about it.
Q::Why don't you be a good little boy and leave her alone?
A::Oh--I understand you were an important part of her education when she came to New York.
Q::I feel better now--I've got a riddle! When is a plate of bean soup not a plate of bean soup?
A::All right. When <U>is</U> a plate of bean soup not a plate of noodle soup?
Q::All right--but what is there to face? It's finished.
A::You ran away because you were afraid. I don't want it to end like that.
Q::I'm crazy about the kid and I got him into it.  What do you want me to do?
A::Just smile again and be reasonable.  I'll order dinner here--just the two of us--like old times.
Q::I tried to borrow a gun from Chad, but--
A::This is interesting--  Why didn't you tell me you gave this kid your gun last night?
Q::Next time I get a vacation I'll spend it at headquarters. Good-night.
A::He's a swell person. He told me he'd rather turn one guy straight than jug a million.
Q::Fair enough.  You know I got to Admit, you got a lot of bark on You comin' up here like this.
A::They were all gonna jump me back There.  What ever happened to one Against one?
Q::I calculate that's the end of This town.  And let's don't bother About the luggage, darling.
A::I been having the boy at the Hotel pack us up every night Since your streak started
Q::It appears he missed an excellent Chance to keep his mouth shut.
A::Felt his liver go on that last One.  Get him to a doctor or he'll Be dead in a couple hours.
Q::Wyatt, listen, you can't beat Him.  You're good and God knows You got the courage, but you Ain't in Ringo's class.  Hell, He's the best that's ever been. 'Cept maybe for Wild Bill.
A::He's right, Wyatt.  Ringo could Put five into you before you Could even get one into him.
Q::That was lovely!
A::You know you almost got us both Killed back there?
Q::Oh, all right.
A::Well I guess I don't have to go Right now.  I guess I could stay a little while.
Q::Dropped him, that was it.  Sorry If I made a worse mess for you.
A::I'm the one made a mess.  Made a Right fair mess of the whole thing.
Q::For a man that don't go heeled You run your mouth kinda reckless.
A::Don't need to go heeled to get The bulge on a dub like you.
Q::Always nice to meet one of her Majesty's fellow subjects...  Especially one with such distinguished friends.
A::You might say I've always been one of Mr. Valentin's biggest followers.
Q::Q! How are you?
A::Retired. I'm not getting paid to help you save the world anymore.
Q::...That's all well and good, Captain, save for one thing:  There's no gold down there.
A::What are you talking about? We went through all this and the ship isn't even down there?
Q::Yes, the ship is down there. But the gold is gone.
A::That's absurd! It took two squads of forty men fifteen days to load that gold.
Q::I think I've just seen my next future ex-wife.
A::Not if you kill us first - unless that's how you plan to leave Muffy.
Q::Where to now, Jimbo?
A::I'm not certain... But I think there's someone I want to press for some answers in Kuala Lumpur.
Q::Bourbon. Neat.
A::I wonder if you handle your liquor more carefully than you handle your boat.
Q::Is this - like - a normal day for you?
A::It's a lousy job, but -  The only reason I stay is for the health benefits.
Q::Bore through.  ...They used to say living well was the best revenge, Mr. Bond.  They're wrong.  Revenge is the best revenge.
A::Entering the main tunnel - ten minutes to target -
Q::What time is it? Do you think you can just treat us like your slave? It's after one.
A::I tried to call to let you know I was going to be late.
Q::When are you boys going to fix that roof?
A::Soon as I rest a bit.  I meant as soon as we are back to normal again, anytime.
Q::Why in the hell didn't you help mama?
A::I told her I would if she would give me time.
Q::I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property.
A::Pops put Big Daddy's farm in Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed it so no one can borrow on it.
Q::I was hoping you came to the door instead of him. It gets cold at night.
A::This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air.
Q::I could swear I heard my son call me.
A::You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there.
Q::Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation. I hate to be mean to people but picking Sunny up when they feel like it has to come to an end. Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday.
A::Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are.
Q::You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing.
A::I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it.  Son, you make me wish I was dead.
Q::Let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son.
A::No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further.
Q::He's going to check out heaven first. He gets a round trip ticket to heaven. He gets in heaven and finds it just like back home. People dripping with sweat, working in the fields, hardly surviving. He asked a man who was getting a drink of water, "I thought the streets were paved with gold." "They are but you won't see them," he said. "Boy, you got to work day and night cause idleness is sinfulness." So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell. He sees people stretched out on their backs kicking back, picking their teeth. "Man, this is a dream." He asked, "What's you'll doing?" They all hollered back, "Sinning." The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you." He asked, "I thought you'll was supposed to be burning in fire." Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire down here except under that pot of chitlins." The man was going go ask the preacher back on earth...
A::I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent.
Q::Man, act like this is your home.
A::That's awful generous of you. I always ask to keep from wearing out welcome.
Q::Next time when I feel a little better perhaps.
A::I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away.
Q::You're suppose to teach your children what you know. Junior, I don't have to worry about. Babe Brother is a different story.
A::You still call him boy. You call Babe Brother boy in front of his wife and son.
Q::Good God Almighty, bless your bones.  But the problem grows.
A::Week by week the crowds at the door keeps getting larger. We can't feed all the hungry.
Q::Some people grow up and change their ways.
A::I know your mother ain't still operating that house of hers.
Q::You know the saying, "your heart is in your left hand."
A::Now I was trying to be nice, to make conversation, since we go back some.
Q::An empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you, tappy head, you ain't worth the salt you put in greens.
A::Speaking of tappy heads, we ought to have an old fashion fish fry.
Q::No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic.
A::I haven't heard anyone mention Swamp Root since button-up shoes went out.
Q::He just leeches off your parents. He is a master at wearing out welcome.
A::Harry is the kind of guy you would love to take out in the woods and leave under a rock.
Q::I'm sorry he got those birds.
A::You know the man next door is near death.
Q::But when your sunflowers come up, I'll pay you for them.
A::I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything.
Q::Oh, hey - it was nothing.
A::Whadda ya say I get someone else to watch the sheep tonight?
Q::Now you're sure this spacefreighter will return to its port of origin once it jettisons its food supply?
A::Uh-huh.  And when we get there, we'll be able to find a way to transport you...home.
Q::He's a pyjama case, really.
A::Do you know you've lovely hair, even if you torment it in those braids.
Q::How much do I pay him?
A::I suspect he'll accept his payment in publicity.
Q::Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you. You do not want to come into contact with these people.  Only Carl knows who they are.  That's his real asset. Ruiz doesn't know them.  They don't know Ruiz.  Church and State.
A::What about legitimate businesses? We own a construction concern, real estate --
Q::Have you gone crazy?  You are not Carl.  You aren't as good as Carl.  They are moving the trial to a high security location.  The press has gone berserk.  The jury will be influenced.  Stay out of things. Let us try to win the case.
A::That is going to be rather difficult when all the evidence is against us.
Q::Do you work?
A::I volunteer.  I read to blind people. One day a week for two hours.
Q::Ach, that's what I'm talking about. Sarcasm.  Always fucking sarcasm. You're afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you're weak or won't like you --
A::We live our lives by these unspoken rules that are handed to us.
Q::Are you kidding...  I'm staying with you --
A::He's gonna fucking die right here on the kitchen floor --
Q::We have the ability to change the color, odor, and physical property of cocaine.
A::You want to smuggle narcotics in Mr. Espastico Jacobo.  That's nothing new.
Q::My work keeps me young.
A::Which part, getting terrorists loose on bail or freeing convicted murderers on technicalities?
Q::I don't know, maybe we missed her.
A::I can't believe you used to bring my daughter here, to this place.
Q::Buy yourself that island in the sun?
A::For four fucking grand?  One palm tree, a couple of rocks, and a sewage outflow.
Q::The ship....
A::Bring it closer so that I might join with it. Do it, or watch these puny things die horribly.
Q::The Klingon, the Romulan, the Federation consuls. Now I know Enterprise is not exactly up to specs...
A::With all due respect, the Enterprise is a disaster. There must be other ships in the quadrant.
Q::Very well, Mr. Scott. Carry on.
A::Aye, Captain  How many times do I have to tell you? The right tool for the right job...
Q::Concentration is vital. You must be one with the rock.
A::Spock, I appreciate your concern, but if you don't stop distracting me, I'm liable to be one...
Q::I trust your message was received?
A::You can't expect us to stand by while you take the ship into the Great Barrier.
Q::Spock, you've developed a sense of humor after all.
A::It was not my intention to amuse you. These are serious charges. However, if you surrender now-
Q::Thank. you, Master Control.
A::We might be capturing some military programs soon... that interest you?
Q::But-what if I can't...?
A::You rather take your chances with me? Want me to slow down your power cycles for you?
Q::Yori... hey...
A::Oh, Tron... I knew you'd escape... they've never built circuit that could hold you...
Q::And this is a little above market-				* rate for the horizontal bop, even				* for a total biscuit like her.
A::Alright, I want a complete workup on her.  Do we know where she is?
Q::Whatya talking?  I'm clean as a preacher's sheets, babe.  Clean as a --
A::What about that time you trashed a six-week operation because you were busy getting a blow-job?
Q::What did happen?
A::Three days later, he called me. He told me to meet him at Overlook Park.
Q::Tell me about your husband, Mrs Tasker.
A::Harry?  What can I say about Harry?  He's a sales rep for a computer company.
Q::I think so.
A::Think carefully.  You will be lying to the man you love.  The person who trusts you the most.
Q::I can do it!
A::The code name of your contact will be Boris.  Your code name will be--
Q::So last night was pretty exciting, huh?
A::What?  Oh, the flat tire?  Yeah, I thought the damn towtruck was never going to get there.
Q::Is it working yet?
A::Ask me a question I would normally lie to.
Q::Yeeaoowww!!
A::You son of a bitch.  Did you really think you could elude us forever, Carlos?
Q::Look, Harry's not part of this. He's just a sales rep.
A::No, my dear, he is a federal agent.  He killed two of my colleagues the other night.
Q::You can trust me completely.
A::I know.  But it would compromise your safety too much to know certain things.
Q::The forager's back.
A::Thank God. I could eat a horse if you slap enough catsup on it.
Q::I'm not sure yet. Ask me again later.
A::What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone?
Q::Wow. What a swell place to work.
A::Yeah, I got the key, so I come here at night, hang out, read comic books, play music.
Q::Is he black?
A::He thinks he is. He says his mother was Apache, but I suspect he's lying.
Q::No no no no no no no no no...
A::Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes...
Q::All anybody saw was Clint Eastwood drinkin' coffee.
A::Can you develop an ulcer in two minutes? Being cool is hard on your body.
Q::In case of what?
A::In case they try to kill us. I don't know, what do you want me to say?
Q::Now's a helluva time to play "what if".
A::This is our last chance to play "what if". I want to do it. I'm just scared of getting caught.
Q::Leave the gorillas.
A::- that you're unloading for two hundred thousand dollars -
Q::Gangster. Drug Dealer. Somebody you don't want on your ass. Look, Clarence, the more I hear about this Drexl fucker, the more I think you did the right thing. That guy wasn't just some wild flake.
A::That's what I've been tellin' ya. The guy was like a mad dog. So the cops aren't looking for me?
Q::What have you done?  Did you...kill someone?
A::No!  I...don't think so.  I stole a car and they chased me.  I hit a tree.
Q::I need help all right.  They're coming after me.
A::First, it's important that you surrender to them instead of them catching you running.  Okay?
Q::You had a bullet from World War One in your leg, James!  How did it get there?
A::You said I had delusions -- that I created a world -- you said you could explain everything...
Q::I want to be here.  In this time.  With you.  I want to become...become a whole person.  I want this to be the present. I want the future to be unknown.
A::James...do you remember...six years ago...you had a phone number!  You tried to call and...
Q::That a fact?
A::I can see just fine.  For example: You're a young man who thinks he's got someplace to be.
Q::Any parting words of wisdom?
A::Things ain't always the way they seem. You got to ask yourself; is it worth it?
Q::That'll make five in a row.  Never seen it so hot.  Sometimes I don't even want to get out of bed.  I'd rather just lay there and try to catch a breeze.  I was in Mexico this one time--
A::Look, pal, I've got places to be. Could you just take a look at my radiator hose.  It's busted.
Q::It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars.
A::You said this morning the hose was going to run me one-fifty.
Q::Ned!  Now look at what you done! Are you all right?
A::I think I burned my gun hand!
Q::I think I can find my own way back to into town.
A::Maybe I like to find out about a man first.  Maybe I like to know what he's made of.
Q::Jake.
A::You think Jake's going to give me money just so I can take you out of here?
Q::You don't know?  Jesus Christ! Don't you think you should have found out before we killed him?
A::I'm not sure where it is.  Not exactly.  I never saw it.  I just heard him talk about it.
Q::He can't prove anything, John.  He can't turn us in.
A::He can kill us.  I don't know about you, but my life is worth thirty- thousand dollars.
Q::Why?  So when the cops catch up with us you can try and sell me out again?  You take your hald of the money and run.  You might want to try Mexico.  With all that dough you'll live like a queen.
A::I don't want to go to Mexico, John. I want to be with you.  Don't you think I care about you?
Q::Let's say I do want her dead.  What is it you want?  This morning you weren't a killer.
A::This morning I didn't know how badly I'd want to get out of this fucking town.
Q::Drop it, Jake.
A::And next time, next time somebody is going to get dead.
Q::Toby!  Toby Tyler, leave him alone!
A::You stay away, Jenny.  I aim to mess him up, and that ain't a thing for a woman to see.
Q::I wasn't doing anything.
A::That's not the way it looked to me. Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her.
Q::Ain't over yet.  Night is part of day; separate, but equal.  Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark.
A::Difference between you and me, old man, is I see the glass half full, you see it half empty.
Q::I wasn't doing anything.
A::That's not the way it looked to me.  Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her.
Q::...I don't know.  Tell her you had to see her.  Tell her you don't care if she's married or not, you had to be with her. Sweet talk the woman.  A young buck like you must be good at that.  Then ... maybe shift the conversation.  Get her thinking about that jeep of hers.  She loves that thing.  Maybe the only thing she does love. She'll want to take you for a ride.
A::I know you're not surprised I'm back here, cause you can read my mind and all.
Q::What the hell happened to my car?
A::Bottom hose was shot too.  Rotted clear through. Had to put a new one in. Runs like a dream now.
Q::Actually, it's been about three hours. You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.  What you expect but fancy damn prices?
A::That's a Ford, not a Ferrari.  You going to tell me no one else in this shit hole drives a Ford?
Q::Then you ain't gonna have the car.
A::Listen, man.  I got rolled half an hour ago for everything I had.
Q::...got no day, got no date.  Probably ain't worth a duck's fart . This one here cost me $3.75 and it's got every doodad you can imagine. No sir I'll stick with this .
A::You son of a bitch! I'll have my lawyers shut you down.
Q::It's going to cost you two-hundred dollars.
A::You said this morning the hose was going to run me one-fifty.
Q::That's right on my way.
A::My mother told me never to accept offers from strangers.
Q::I think I can find my own way back to into town.
A::Maybe I like to find out about a man first. Maybe I like to know what he's made of.
Q::The only deal he had in mind was killing you for Jake's murder and blackmailing me into sucking his dick for the rest of my life... no thanks.
A::He was a <u>cop</u>, Grace, they never stop looking for you when you kill a cop...
Q::So, aren't you going to ask me?
A::Ask you what? You mean what kind of horrifying sick shit is coming next?
Q::Toby!  Toby Tucker, leave him alone!
A::You stay away, Jenny.  I aim to mess him up, and that ain't a thing for a woman to see.
Q::Proceed.
A::Ask if he can check how many sick days I've taken since I've worked here?
Q::He's just laying in bed. He's pretty upset. He won't talk.
A::He's dealing with a lot of things.  I think he needs to find answers himself.
Q::Soft and Wet. That's very interesting.
A::My turn.  When was the first time the thought popped into your head that we might not make it?
Q::At the church... You were following me weren't you?
A::Technically no. I gambled that you would attend the church service. I just waited for you.
Q::It's for last week's game.
A::I've come to understand that...  An ill advised purchase in the parking lot.
Q::The guy might not have been carrying anything.
A::Or he might have been carrying a silver handled gun tucked in his pants.
Q::Stop messing with my life Elijah. My son almost shot me last night. He wanted to prove you were right.
A::I never said you couldn't be killed. I never said that.
Q::No more sitting in this room. I've let it go on long enough.
A::I'm not going out anymore. I'm not getting hurt again. This was the last time. I told you.
Q::Then... what?
A::A cowboy come in sayin' you killed Quick Mike in the shit house at the Bar T...
Q::Now hold on, boys, hold on. Now, Kid, you kin see fifty yards, can't you?
A::Bet your ass I kin see fifty yards an' I kin shoot this sonofabitch...
Q::What happened? He ain't dead? What's goin' on?
A::If he gets behind them rocks we ain't gonna get him... not without we go down there.
Q::You could have it. All of it.
A::I thought you wanted to buy spectacles an' fancy clothes an' all.
Q::Easy, Bill.
A::I seen the angel of death Ned, an' I seen the river.  He's a snake, he got... snake eyes.
Q::Well, I guess I woulda at least pulled my pistol an...
A::Shit, Kid, you pulled your pistol... right outta the lady an' out the back window.
Q::We done that stuff.
A::Well I guess Bill Munny wasn't no fearless killer an' bank robber like he said.
Q::I don't get it.
A::They tell me you got the cripple from New York in there. He mention Keyser Soze
Q::Oh, I know. Sweet deal you have. Total immunity .
A::Well I do have the weapons charge. I'm looking at six whole months hard time.
Q::Heartwarming. Really, I feel weepy.
A::You wanted to know what happened after the line-up, I'm telling you.
Q::That was all Fenster and McManus.
A::Come on. Keaton was a cop for four years. Who else would know the Taxi Service
Q::There were no drugs on that boat. It was a hit. A suicide mission to whack out the one man that could finger Keyser Soze so Sate had a few thieves put to it. Men he knew he could march into certain death.
A::But how - wait. You're saying SOZE sent                  t us to kill someone?
Q::My client offers his full cooperation in these proceedings. In exchange, his testimony is to be sealed and all matters incriminating to himself are to be rendered inadmissible.
A::The district attorney's office will comply provided -
Q::I'11 take my chances then. I'11 feel safer without a job if a man like Mr. Kint is behind bars.
A::Mr. Kint will plead guilty to weapons possession.
Q::Objection!
A::And you would come here, and on a slip of memory four years ago, you'd ruin their lives.
Q::I do.  Yes.
A::You swore on this form that the patient ate nine hours ago.
Q::Her sister said she ate one hour prior to admittance...she...
A::...that's what the sister said. The chart said she ate nine hours prior to...
Q::...Page 414, 'If a patient has taken nourishment within one hour prior to inducement, general anaesthetic should be avoided at all costs because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particles into his mask.'  Is that what happened to Deborah  Ann Kaye?  She aspirated into her mask?
A::She threw up in her mask, yes. But she hadn't eaten one hour prior to admission.
Q::Yes, Mr. Galvin?
A::If I may be permitted to question my own witness in my own way...
Q::I'm sorry, Sir, we're not allowed...
A::...Would you, would you call him up.  I'll give you my number, and ask him...
Q::We find that your subscription lapsed...
A::My subscription lapsed three years ago...
Q::Sally Doneghy, now who is that?
A::One lousy letter eighteen months ago. . . .I try to throw a fuckin' case your way ...
Q::We've got her sister.  Testifies she had a meal one hour before she was admitted to the hospital. This is the point.
A::You got the admittance form says patient ate nine hours prior to admittance.
Q::Been a long time, huh...?
A::I'm getting it back.  Don't worry about me, Mick.  I'm fine.  D'you find the obstetric nurse?
Q::Today is Tuesday.  What?
A::I've got to go see Gruber.    What's the best cigars you have?
Q::Give 'em a box of Macanudos.
A::Mickey:  I'm supposed to meet somebody at O'Rourke's, I can't make it.
Q::What did she say?
A::She said she had a full meal one hour before coming to the hospital.
Q::Yes, but carefully. I'd want to know more before committing her to that kind of care.  Scottie --
A::I can get you a firm of private eyes to follow her for you. They're dependable, good boys --
Q::How do you know all these things she doesn't know?
A::Her mother told me most of then before she died. I dug out the rest for myself, here.
Q::Will you, Judy?
A::I suppose I could phone the store in the morning, and say I'm sick.
Q::You want me to dress like her?
A::Judy, I just want you to look nice. And I know what kind of suit would look well on you.
Q::Well?
A::It should be back from your face -- with a bun at the neck. I told them. I told you.
Q::Professor Saunders, over in Berkeley.
A::Not that kind of history. The small stuff! About people you never heard of!
Q::Oh, I'm having a wonderful time! I've gone back to my first love... painting.
A::Good. I've always said you were wasting your time in the underwear department.
Q::Yes... the Beautiful Carlotta... the Sad Carlotta...
A::What does a big old wooden house on the corner of Eddy and Gough Street have to do with her?
Q::Don't you threaten me you little rat fuck.
A::Don't you fucking threaten me - I'll fucking kill you.
Q::Wrap her up in blankets. Bring the car around to the back of the hotel, throw her off the balcony, put her in the car...Done.
A::You don't think someone will have a problem with a body being thrown off a balcony?
Q::Nothing happened in Vegas.
A::I don't want to hear it from the liar. Stick a plug in it Boyd. Fisher? What happened in Vegas?
Q::He's upset about Adam. We're all upset.
A::I will call the police right now if I don't start getting some answers.
Q::No, I'm holding for Tony. In chairs. Keith Fisher. Okay.
A::That would translate to government guaranteed contract in excess of 35 million dollars.
Q::It goes; "Today is the first day of the rest of our lives."
A::However it goes, the point is, nobody says anything to anyone ever. Right? ...Right?
Q::The hell I did!
A::You said one in two marriages end in divorce.
Q::Are we supposed to?
A::It's not a question of supposed to, it's an entirely personal decision... Some do some don't.
Q::Are we going to do this again?
A::I'm just saying I bet those checks all found the mailboxes.
Q::Well, the night is young. Did you straighten out the chair situation?
A::I'm working on it, I've made three calls.  I can't stop thinking about how much I love you.
Q::I...Liz...all I ever wanted, was for you to be happy. I just wanted to give you the wedding, the life you always dreamed of...  ...I just love you so much...So much...
A::You and Moore move the bodies and bury Boyd with them. In fact, put Moore in the ground too.
Q::I could have done it better. I'm a fucking ball-buster I am.
A::You never walked away dad. You could have walked away.
Q::Well, I'm in the middle of my Goddamn toast here.
A::OK, OK. You guys just go back in. Dad, keep going with the toast, we'll be right in. Go on.
Q::The sparkler would burn hot, then hotter, then even hotter...and there would be one moment of pure burn when that little fucker would cook just perfect. Perfect. It would only last a second, but that second was it. It was it. That's what dad had us looking for...You get me?
A::The wahoo moment?
Q::I love it. I just love, love, love, love it.
A::Are you guys gonna fill this place with kids? You sure got room for them.
Q::How did you know about that?
A::Oh, some years ago I heard my mother talking about it. But is it true?
Q::Mother?
A::I've just had a letter from your uncle. He won't be able to come when you take your vows.
Q::I hardly know him. I saw him only once, some years ago. I can't even remember him.
A::In any case he's asking you to come and stay with him.
Q::What happened to me?
A::You fainted last night after supper. The master and I carried you here.
Q::In English, please.
A::I accidently triggered a protection mechanism which erased the entire program.
Q::Barnes wouldn't kill two innocent guards.
A::He would slaughter eight people sitting in a room, but not two prison guards?
Q::What did you find out?
A::Call off the manhunt looking for me. I didn't kill the transport guards.
Q::It's already been called off. Witnesses confirmed you weren't the shooter.  Did you find out where the bomb is?
A::No, but I've confirmed the reelection rally is the target.  How much C-4 is missing?
Q::You know how much man power you're talking about?
A::You're the highest law enforcement official in the country. Use the fucking army if you need to.
Q::This better not be a wild goose chase.
A::Or what, you'll authorize my death a second time today?
Q::What did Cox pull him out early for?
A::Barnes used to work for him when he was still a cop in the field, remember?
Q::You actually listen to all those tapes?
A::No, I just like the effect a tape recorder has on you.  How you feeling today?
Q::I need to know what snapped in you. What made you capable of it. You have to make me understand.
A::I don't have to do anything except survive. And it's taking everything I've got just to do that.
Q::He was reenacting Charles Manson's LaBianca murders.
A::Manson didn't kill the first cops to arrive on the scene.
Q::What happened when he was 17?
A::Every music school in the country rejected him and he turned to computers.  Stay here.
Q::You've got a problem with me carrying a gun?
A::Do me one favor  if you shoot at anything, make sure I'm nowhere near it.
Q::Lindenmeyer put increasingly complex combinations of criminal psychological profiles together to develop the ultimate villain.
A::Creating a whole far more dangerous than the sum of its parts.
Q::Why didn't you tell me you had a daughter?
A::I prefer keeping my professional life separate from my personal life.
Q::Relax. I know what you meant.
A::I ruin so many moments by analyzing them when I should just be living them.
Q::He didn't know about the neural toxin.  I did.
A::You knew the entire time? Can you give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now?
Q::How did you find out about the toxin?
A::Sid 6.7 told me after he killed the two guards. He suggested I kill you rather than him.
Q::Where the hell are you going?
A::Lindenmeyer never got over wanting to kill kids with more musical than he had...
Q::Aren't you going to watch with me?
A::I've got some final preparations to take care of Checking his watch, he stops suddenly.
Q::It's a romantic and tragic drink.
A::Sounds tempting. I prefer mine with a twist of fate. You know like us meeting. Don't go away...
Q::He's lying.
A::Okay, sir. I'll discuss this with the broker and I'll get back to you. You're welcome.
Q::Wanna play some tennis Saturday?
A::You mean teach you how to play. Can't. Going fly fishing in Canada, big client...
Q::Speak English will ya.
A::D.K. -- didn't know -- who I was when the options he bought took a bath. He reneged on me.
Q::What you see, son, is a man who never measured success by the size of a man's wallet.
A::That's because you never had the guts to go out into the world and stake your claim.
Q::I'd give anything to have this in my house, even for a week.
A::...few thousand dollars down the drain if you ask me.
Q::You got it all charted out don't you, like a stock projection.
A::That's right -- one with high yield, rich assets and no downside...
Q::Bud, I hate to tell you this but you're a genius!  Darien...lightning has struck! The lightbulb has been invented. Edison, Da Vinci, Einstein are watching...
A::...are you going to trade all night again? You got to go to work in a couple of hours.
Q::Bud! Where you been the last two days?
A::...Janet get my father on the phone and the two other union reps, urgent...
Q::I thought this was an informal meeting. What's he doing here?
A::Harold, you don't mind strolling around the block a couple hundred times, do you?
Q::And, I'm pretty sure we got the Beezer Brothers out of Tulsa coming in with us and I'm working on the Silverberg boys in Canada.
A::Rip their throats out and put them in your garbage compactor.  Interesting. You got a card?
Q::Are you prepared to put that in writing?
A::I'll have a letter of agreement drawn up within two days.
Q::Well that's for me to know - but I did enjoy rubbing oil all over that big.
A::Just give it a break China ok? CHINA Jeez.  Can't even take a joke
Q::Haven't we been doing our homework.
A::I've always wondered why someone would believe in something like that.
Q::You aren't sick! We've got to get back.  What are you doing!
A::Listen Sarah, I think I know what's going on ok.  I went to the waxwork today.I met this man.
Q::You bet.  We all can't be such modern people 
A::Come on Mark MARK Ah hell, why not.  I'll get the maid to write the essays
Q::How?
A::I don't know.  My aunt used to use my uncle's old pajamas and a candle.
Q::Uh-huh.  What can be?
A::Well, I don't think I've seen you since the reception at Dean Ackerman's last year.
Q::She got it.  Turned it down.
A::I met a dashing young grad student after a recital one night...
Q::Well good.  So you're human.
A::And so far my day has consisted of taking pictures of my roses for the garden club.
Q::Wow.  I'm losing it.
A::No, you're not.  But a presence in your house is not something to be taken lightly.
Q::He did.  She's in the picture.  I went over to look and she's gone.  The table was set for one.
A::And that means he murdered his wife? This is getting ridic--
Q::From the sun.  It's a reflection on the glass.
A::It's her!  I'm telling you.  She whispered and turned on the music.  She's trying to contact me!
Q::Thank you for this honor, my dear.
A::You've been shadowing the family for thirty years.  It's only fitting you give one af us away.
Q::Are you alright...?  You look pale.
A::I wish everyone would stop commenting on my health.  I'm the doctor.
Q::Jesus I've got - to get to the ho--
A::Rowan's already called the hotel, Michael.  At the cemetery by now, I would guess.
Q::If I could feel like you feel...but I have only others' feelings - . . like breeres that blow through me.  Things to be felt, yes --- but not nine to feel...
A::It you harm Michael, I will let my anger loose.  And you will feel that. Do you understand...?
Q::you're very --- different.
A::I'll bet you say that to all the women who bring you back to life and then seduce you.
Q::Either do I.    I love you, Ro.  You know that. You're a total mystery to me - but I love YOU. 
A::Than letts get rnarried, Michael.  I could put a spell on you - and make you say yes.
Q::Sounds good - thank you
A::Don't mention it - now can I get back to my accounts, or do you want to fillet me?
Q::What's with all the locks - and hammering
A::It says in the contract I can have a lock fitted - is there a problem ANGELA?
Q::then why did you marry her -
A::It seemed like a good idea at the time - why did you marry your husband.
Q::I thought it was you - how are you?
A::I'm good - I was just making a delivery near here, so I thought I would see if you were about...
Q::I feel like I'm entering a forbidden tomb...
A::...where they get all the really good porno channels on cable.
Q::I feel like I've just been hit by a Mack truck.
A::With a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip.
Q::New Hushpuppies don't make a new man.
A::You've obviously never had your dogs nestled in thousand dollar Italian loafers.
Q::Remember dress up day?  You and Charlie lifting skirts during recess.
A::I miss those days, when schoolyard sexual harassment was without consequence.
Q::I mean, what do you think?
A::You expect me to think at a time like this? There isn't a drop of blood in my brain.
Q::Sweetheart, what is it?
A::I always wanted Craftsman tools. He even got me the limited edition Buckeye colors.
Q::Whatever helps you cope.
A::I guess it's better than having tribal patterns carved in my face.
Q::I know they were simple people, but did this trip help your college fund at all?
A::Dad, let's just say I can buy anything I want in the whole bookstore. Including the bookstore.
Q::But we did want you. It's just that you don't always get to keep what you want. We knew you needed a real mom and dad.
A::We had no idea the nudie magazine we started in the garage would turn into all this.
Q::No problem, consider it done.  I had this idea of shooting on location. Outdoors, you know? Maybe at some famous Xenia landmarks. You think that would be a problem?
A::We'll send you the release forms, Ted. Our staffers will help in any way they can.
Q::My legacy.
A::Your parents would be crushed to think you weren't happy with it.
Q::Me?
A::"Local boy inherits more money than god." Call me crazy, but I smell human interest.
Q::I felt limited. I felt confined. I felt like I was suffocating.
A::I see. So more like a tight rope walker who secretly wants to be a trapeze artist.
Q::I mean my father.
A::A father is nothing but sperm, Ted. It takes a real man to be a dad.
Q::A good journalist can take lemons and make lemonade. I'm honing my craft.
A::Then you won't mind covering that watermelon seed spitting contest next week...
Q::He's on the move?
A::I got an anonymous tip and an address in Cincinnati.
Q::I see.
A::I had a Portuguese boyfriend who could read the phone book and melt me.
Q::The thing is, I'll need a first mate.
A::I know where you can find any number of naked girls who'd love to hop on board.
Q::With all due respect to Merk, he doesn't have to read my magazine. But he has no right to stop others.  Ever hear of the First Amendment?
A::We cannot afford free speech if it excises the moral fiber of this community!
Q::What law, Merk? Having fun? Letting down our hair on prom night?
A::Our state has a zero tolerance policy for underage drinking.
Q::No one will be laughing at you now, Ted. You can take that to the bank.
A::It's really going to be strange going home in a couple of days.
Q::I never finished school myself. Never had to. My brother built this empire from nothing but his wife's perky tits and a whole lot of gumption. He gave me a cushy job on a silver platter. I never struggled for a second.
A::My parents always say hard work builds character.
Q::I owe it all to you. Without your help I'd be lost.
A::I wish I knew you years ago, when my brother was alive. I wish he never gave you up.
Q::I'd love to, but I really need to crack the books.  Final exams are coming up and I've been slacking.
A::You're right. I should work, too. Our first issue together is almost ready to print.
Q::Did you try to fight him?
A::I... he had my wrists pinned behind me. I remember my hands were cold.'
Q::And when you turned her toward the door, where did you expect her to go, without a car?
A::Again.  I think we covered this.  I told her I was going to call a cab.
Q::Eliminate the competition.
A::You got it.  The rich got richer.  While the saps like Lombardo went belly-up in the swamp.
Q::Or maybe she thought that was what she wanted and she got a little more than she bargained for...
A::The line I get on this guy, is that he's done half the women in Blue Bay.
Q::From now on, if we're seen together, it's got to be accidental.  I thought that was understood...
A::Hey, come on... We've got to have at least one victory party.
Q::Sam, for godsake.
A::Hey, Ray.  Guess whose name is on the numbered bank account besides yours and Sam's?
Q::How much is about six and a half million divided by three?
A::Jesus.  Two million one hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-three and change.
Q::Seems to like some of the same places you do.  Funny you never met.
A::Yeah, real funny.  You're wrong about this, I could get busted on the spot.
Q::Artemus Gordon.  Bach, he's the composer.
A::I don't mind him, but who the hell are you... my valet or something?
Q::Doctor V. L. Pemberton.  I knew it.  He's a scientist all right. Inventor of the Pemberton Condensed Steam Engine.  I'm telling you, Artemus, Loveless is our man.
A::Whoa, Jim.  Maybe.  But we can't arrest this little pillar of society on maybe.
Q::Now, what was that?
A::You're either having a seizure or you just said "hello."
Q::It is?
A::He's going to put on a pith helmet and kill some guy named Willard.
Q::No record of him.
A::You'd think if Loveless is going to kill him he could at least be a prominent citizen.
Q::We've got to stop him right here, now!  With that armored steam engine of his it'll be a slaughter.
A::I'd love to stop him, but have you noticed the hundred armed men?
Q::Anyone?
A::Here.  Mr. Tyler.  He claims a certain skill at handling firearms.
Q::You're not that big.
A::Restrain yourself, Voltaire.  He's just the sort of coward who would shoot an unarmed giant.
Q::The first.
A::Well, your highness, what makes you think we'll ever sign a treaty with you?
Q::You mean, you know who this baby belongs to?
A::She belongs to all of us.  She is the future queen and ruler of all kingdoms on earth.
Q::Why can't you do it?  You have mag- ical powers.
A::My prsence cannot extend beyond this forest.  But I can give you these...
Q::I could be you rguard!  I could carry your spear!
A::What a great son you are, Ranon.  I wish I could take you with me.  Now go to sleep...
Q::She's hungry.
A::I know she's hungry.  I tried to feed her but she wouldn't eat a thing.  I'm not a wet nurse.
Q::Hey, careful there!
A::How do these work I wonder?  I got- ta save one to show the High Aldwin.
Q::Are you really ever coming back?
A::Got to, Sam. You and I are going to a courthouse together, put some people behind bars.
Q::You have no right to keep us here.
A::Yes I do. Your son is a material witness to a homicide.
Q::What was that?
A::He wants to know who you are. Your name. I told him we don't need to know anything about you.
Q::John Book, I would appreciate it if, during the time you are with us, you would have as little to do with Samuel as possible.
A::Nobody meant any harm. The boy was curious. I unloaded the gun -
Q::Whacking is not of much use on a farm.
A::Now hold on. There's a lot of people who think being a cop is a legitimate job.
Q::Of course, Elaine. But as long as there's any question, better Johnny should come back and clear his name.
A::Better you should get off my front porch before I get my mace!
Q::God, Fred...
A::At home you'd never hear a woman scream at a man that way.
Q::No --
A::Now, you just help us out today, and find yourself a place where you won't get into any trouble.
Q::Our echo.
A::Tap - tap - tap - tap - What was that - that - that? Our echo - echo - echo.
Q::Oh, will you help me?  Can you help me?
A::You don't need to be helped any longer. You've always had the power to go back to Kansas.
Q::Oh --
A::Oh, see - I killed it. Oh, I killed that poor little honey bee!
Q::Oh -- unusual weather we're having, ain't it?
A::Look!  He's rusted again.  Oh, give me the oil can -- quick!  Oh-oh, quick!
Q::As Monarch of the Forest I don't like the situation.
A::Are you gonna stand around And let 'em fill us full of horror?
Q::Why, Zeke, -- you're just as scared as I am!
A::What's the matter -- gonna let a little old pig make a coward out of you?
Q::But maybe you'd better not.  I've got a witch mad at me, and you might get into trouble.
A::Witch?  Huh!  I'm not afraid of a witch! I'm not afraid of anything --- except a lighted match.
Q::What the hell were you doing?  You nearly killed us!
A::I did kill us. She thinks were dead. And she thinks she got away with it.
Q::Im well aware of your stake in this, 007. If you have a point, get to it.
A::The amount of money that killed Robert King is the same amount as the ransom demand for Elektra.
Q::Shell get over it.
A::You even brought the plane for us.  We really couldnt have done it without you.
Q::Im coming with you.
A::You do what you have to do, but Ive called in M.  Shes en route from London even now.
Q::So you killed your father.
A::He killed me! He killed me the day he refused to pay my ransom.
Q::See?  Youre upsetting my customers. What do you want?
A::How does a terrorist like Renard supply his men with state-of-the-art Russian Army weapons?
Q::Bond. If someone wants you dead, it is Renard. Our government has nothing to gain by killing you.
A::But you would have something to gain by killing Robert King. And stopping his pipeline.
Q::Because you can't, I know, it's preordained.  So sorry.  I forgot.  Jon.  This, this "script" you're following . . . who writes it?
A::I don't know yet.  I should be able to tell you in -- roughly six hundred years.
Q::Oh.  No.  Sorry.  I'll be right down the hall if you want me . . . I mean, if you need some aspirin, or --
A::I'm gonna take a warm bath and sack out.  -- You've been really sweet.  Sleep tight, okay?
Q::Eight cops?  Oh, great.  A jury's gonna love that.
A::Are you kidding?  If they put him in jail he's dead.  He'll never get to trial.
Q::Ohh.  I could use some dinner.  Who was that on the phone?
A::One more down.  Someone tried to kill Adrian.  . . . First time I've ever heard him scared.
Q::The Owlship.  I can't believe it.
A::-- I thought it was time for a routine maintenance check.
Q::What was he doing?
A::Trying to change the past.  He said it was the only way to save the world --
Q::What new information?
A::Blake investigating missing scientists for CTU.  Dr. Manhattan somehow involved . . . 
Q::Gila Flats -- place where Jon turned into . . .
A::Dr. Manhattan, right.  Now if you boys care to join me, we'll go save the world.
Q::Congratulations, you've just graduated at the head of your class.
A::You're a cold piece of work. You almost got three people killed out there.
Q::Buddy, you sent me here to get close to their organization, that costs money.
A::One point two million dollars? I did not authorize you to spend one point two million dollars!
Q::We're on to the game, ese. You got the fake blood splattered all over the walls, you got your torture tools... It's all very cute. But come on, let's quit while you're ahead. I'm only trying to save you a beatin'.
A::You saving me? You talking pretty tough for a guy got himself chained to the ceiling.
Q::What are you doing with the Ivans?
A::I know which cops are good and which are bad. Come with me. Come on, right now.
Q::Of course it matters. Hey, hold on!
A::What do we owe our governments? Yours kidnapped you, mine abandoned me.
Q::Where's he headed?
A::He owns a big industrial complex on the river. He'll launch it from there.
Q::No, it's like a safety. We are going to have to access the manual controls.
A::A manual control on a moving torpedo. This day keeps getting better and better.
Q::Didn't you prepare it with the celery before my lecture?
A::Yes, sir.  But I must have taken the wrong one when we came up.
Q::I suppose you're right.
A::Of course I am.  Now give me a kiss and say good night like my good boy.
Q::Did you see anyone else down here?
A::No, but when I first came in, there was a light coming from behind that steel door.
Q::I'm not that sort you know.  I appreciate you feelings, but try to show them some other way.
A::You're right!  Self-pity never got anyone anywhere.  Let's go back and finish our dinner.
Q::Poo -- tmmm anngh ma Ritz!
A::Dressed up like a million dollar trouper Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper.
Q::Let me come with you, Doctor, please!  I don't want to stay up here alone.
A::All right then, quietly!  Close your robe and stay right behind me. Don't make a sound!
Q::Igor -- are you sure the monster has a good brain?  Are you absolutely certain that you took the brain of Hans Delbruck that night?
A::Absolutely!  May my mother grow two heads if I'm not telling the truth.
Q::Do not confuse yourse{fi Why? We must strike a heavy blow. This cannot be a war of manoeuvre.
A::So attack is your defence. Well let's hope Cetshwayo will offer his Impis full destruction.
Q::Oh... indeed. Crealock, we should see that Colonel Dumford has an Officer for his hard riders. Perhaps a subaltern from the Twenty Fourth.
A::I thought it might be more effective to find someone who speaks Zulu.
Q::Excellent. Thank you.  Give them to Crealock, would you?
A::My Lord.  This list was prepared for you. I don 't think another can understand its true value.
Q::Tomorrow we will continue our advance on Ulundi. Dumford, kindly return to your unit Bring them here immediately to support Pulleine. Mr Vereker will join you as ADC. Do you understand me clearly?
A::And the threat of counter invasion no longer exists? 40
